Constitution of the Republic of Korea

We, the Korean people, who are blessed with a long history and tradition, have inherited the April 19 democratic ideology that protested against injustice and the passage of law by the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea established through the March 1st Movement, and are committed to justice and peace based on the mission of democratic reform and peaceful unification of our country. Strengthen the unity of the nation through love for humanity and brotherhood, eliminate all social practices and injustices, further solidify the basic liberal democratic order based on autonomy and harmony, and create opportunities for advancement in all areas of politics, economy, society, and culture. By creating equality, enabling people to exercise their abilities to the fullest extent, and fulfilling the responsibilities and obligations that come with freedom and rights, we aim to achieve equal improvement in people's lives internally and contribute to permanent world peace and human prosperity externally. With a pledge to forever secure the safety, freedom, and happiness of our descendants, the Constitution, enacted on July 12, 1948, and revised eight times, will now be revised by a national referendum after passing the resolution of the National Assembly.

Chapter 1 General lecture
Article 1 The Republic of Korea is a democratic republic.
The sovereignty of the Republic of Korea lies with the people, and all power comes from the people.
Article 2 The requirements for becoming a citizen of the Republic of Korea are determined by law.
The state has the obligation to protect its citizens living abroad as prescribed by law.
Article 3 The territory of the Republic of Korea consists of the Korean Peninsula and its annexed islands.
Article 4 The Republic of Korea pursues unification and establishes and promotes a policy of peaceful unification based on the liberal democratic basic order.
Article 5 The Republic of Korea strives to maintain international peace and denies aggressive war.
The mission of the Armed Forces is to perform the sacred duty of ensuring national security and national defense, and its political neutrality is observed.
Article 6 Treaties concluded and promulgated under the Constitution and generally recognized international laws have the same effect as domestic law.
The status of foreigners is guaranteed by international law and treaties.
Article 7 Public officials are servants of the entire people and are responsible to the people.
The status and political neutrality of public officials are guaranteed by law.
Article 8 The establishment of political parties is free, and the plural party system is guaranteed.
A political party must be democratic in its purpose, organization, and activities, and must have the necessary organization to participate in forming the political will of the people.
Political parties are protected by the state as prescribed by law, and the state may provide funds necessary for political party operations as prescribed by law.
If the purpose or activities of a political party violate the basic democratic order, the government may file a petition for dissolution to the Constitutional Court, and the political party will be dissolved by the Constitutional Court's decision.
Article 9 The state shall strive to inherit and develop traditional culture and promote national culture.

Chapter 2 Rights and Obligations of Citizens
Article 10 All citizens have human dignity and value and the right to pursue happiness. The state has the obligation to confirm and guarantee the inviolable basic human rights of individuals.
Article 11 All citizens are equal before the law. No one shall be discriminated against in all areas of political, economic, social and cultural life based on gender, religion or social status.
The system of special social classes is not recognized and cannot be created in any form.
Awards such as medals are effective only to the person who received them, and no privileges are attached to them.
Article 12 All citizens have physical freedom. No one shall be arrested, detained, seized, searched, or interrogated except in accordance with the law, and no person shall be subject to punishment, security measures, or forced labor except in accordance with the law and due process.
No citizen shall be tortured, nor shall any citizen be coerced into making statements against him in criminal matters.
When arresting, detaining, seizing, or searching, a warrant issued by a judge must be presented upon application by a prosecutor in accordance with legal procedures. However, in the case of an active criminal or a crime punishable by a sentence of three years or more and there is a risk of escape or destruction of evidence, a warrant may be requested after the fact.
Anyone who is arrested or detained has the right to immediately receive assistance from a lawyer. However, if the criminal defendant is unable to obtain a lawyer on his own, the state shall appoint a lawyer as prescribed by law.
No one shall be arrested or detained without being informed of the reason for the arrest or detention and of the right to assistance of counsel. Persons specified by law, such as family members of the person arrested or detained, must be notified without delay of the reason, time, and location.
Anyone who is arrested or detained has the right to request a court review of his or her suitability.
When it is recognized that the defendant's confession was not made voluntarily due to torture, assault, threats, unreasonable prolongation of detention, deception, or other methods, or when the defendant's confession is the only evidence against him in a formal trial, it is used as evidence of guilt. It cannot be treated as such or punished for this reason.
Article 13 No citizen shall be prosecuted for an act that does not constitute a crime under the law at the time of the act, and shall not be punished repeatedly for the same crime.
No citizen shall have their political rights restricted or their property rights deprived by retroactive legislation.
No citizen shall be subjected to disadvantageous treatment due to the actions of his or her relatives rather than his or her own actions.
Article 14 All citizens have freedom of residence and movement.
Article 15 All citizens have the freedom to choose their occupation.
Article 16 The freedom of residence of all citizens shall not be infringed. When conducting a seizure or search of a residence, a warrant issued by a judge must be presented at the request of a prosecutor.
Article 17 The confidentiality and freedom of private life of all citizens shall not be infringed.
Article 18 The confidentiality of communications of any citizen shall not be infringed.
Article 19 All citizens have freedom of conscience.
Article 20 All citizens have freedom of religion.
No state religion is recognized, and religion and politics are separated.
Article 21 All citizens have the freedom of speech and press and freedom of assembly and association.
Permission for speech and publishing, censorship, and permission for assembly and association are not recognized.
Matters necessary to ensure communication and broadcasting facility standards and the function of newspapers are determined by law.
Media and publications must not infringe on the honor or rights of others, or on public morals or social ethics. If the press or publication infringes on the honor or rights of others, the victim may claim compensation for the damages.
Article 22 All citizens have academic and artistic freedom.
The rights of authors, inventors, scientists, engineers, and artists are protected by law.
Article 23 The property rights of all citizens are guaranteed. Its contents and limitations are determined by law.
The exercise of property rights must be appropriate for public welfare.
Expropriation, use or restriction of property rights for public needs and compensation therefor shall be made by law, and fair compensation must be paid.
Article 24 All citizens have the right to vote as prescribed by law.
Article 25 All citizens have the right to hold public office as prescribed by law.
Article 26 All citizens have the right to petition in writing to state agencies as prescribed by law.
The state has the obligation to review the petition.
Article 27 All citizens have the right to be tried according to law by judges determined by the Constitution and laws.
Citizens who are not soldiers or military personnel may be tried by a military court within the territory of the Republic of Korea, except for cases stipulated by law for crimes related to serious military secrets, sentries, guard posts, supply of toxic food, prisoners of war, or military supplies, and cases where martial law has been declared. does not receive
All citizens have the right to a speedy trial. Criminal defendants have the right to a public trial without delay unless there are probable cause.
A criminal defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty.
A criminal victim may make a statement during the trial proceedings of the case in accordance with the provisions of the law.
Article 28 When a criminal suspect or a person who has been detained as a criminal defendant receives a disposition of non-indictment or is found not guilty as prescribed by law, he/she may claim just compensation from the state as prescribed by law.
Article 29 Citizens who have suffered damage due to illegal acts by public officials in the course of their duties may claim fair compensation from the state or public organizations as prescribed by law. In this case, the public official is not exempt from responsibility.
Soldiers, military personnel, police officers, and other persons specified by law may not claim compensation from the state or public organizations for damages suffered in connection with the performance of duties such as combat or training, due to illegal acts committed by public officials in the course of their duties, other than compensation prescribed by law.
Article 30 Citizens who have suffered damage to their lives or bodies due to the criminal acts of others may receive relief from the state in accordance with the provisions of the law.
Article 31 All citizens have the right to equal education according to their abilities.
All citizens have the obligation to ensure that their children receive at least elementary education and the education prescribed by law.
Compulsory education is free.
Educational independence, expertise, political neutrality, and university autonomy are guaranteed by law.
The state must promote lifelong education.
Basic matters regarding the education system, including school education and lifelong education, its operation, education finances, and the status of teachers are determined by law.
Article 32 All citizens have the right to work. The state must strive to promote employment of workers and guarantee appropriate wages through social and economic methods, and must implement the minimum wage system as prescribed by law.
All citizens have the obligation to work. The state determines the content and conditions of work obligations by law in accordance with democratic principles.
Standards for working conditions are established by law to ensure human dignity.
Women's work receives special protection, and they are not subject to unfair discrimination in employment, wages, and working conditions.
The work of young people receives special protection.
Persons of national merit, disabled soldiers and police officers, and bereaved families of fallen soldiers and police officers are given preferential work opportunities as prescribed by law.
Article 33 Workers have the right to independent organization, collective bargaining, and collective action to improve working conditions.
Employees who are public officials have the right to organize, bargain collectively, and take collective action only to those specified by law.
The right to collective action of workers engaged in major defense industries as prescribed by law may be restricted or not recognized as prescribed by law.
Article 34 All citizens have the right to lead a humane life.
The state has an obligation to make efforts to promote social security and social welfare.
The state must strive to improve the welfare and rights of women.
The state has the obligation to implement policies to improve the welfare of the elderly and youth.
Physically disabled people and citizens who are incapable of living due to disease, old age or other reasons are protected by the state as prescribed by law.
The state must strive to prevent disasters and protect citizens from such risks.
Article 35 All citizens have the right to live in a healthy and comfortable environment, and the state and citizens must strive to preserve the environment.
The content and exercise of environmental rights are determined by law.
The state must strive to ensure that all citizens can live a comfortable residential life through housing development policies, etc.
Article 36 Marriage and family life must be established and maintained on the basis of individual dignity and gender equality, and the state guarantees this.
The state must strive to protect motherhood.
All citizens are protected by the state regarding their health.
Article 37 The freedom and rights of citizens shall not be disregarded for reasons not listed in the Constitution.
All freedoms and rights of citizens may be restricted by law only when necessary for national security, maintenance of order, or public welfare, and even when restricted, the essential content of freedoms and rights cannot be violated.
Article 38 All citizens have the obligation to pay taxes as prescribed by law.
Article 39 All citizens have the duty of national defense as prescribed by law.
No one shall be subjected to disadvantageous treatment due to the performance of military service obligations.

Chapter 3 National Assembly
Article 40 Legislative power belongs to the National Assembly.
Article 41 The National Assembly is composed of members elected by the people through universal, equal, direct and secret election.
The number of National Assembly members shall be determined by law, but shall not be less than 200.
The constituency of National Assembly members and the proportional representation system and other election-related matters are determined by law.
Article 42 The term of office of members of the National Assembly is four years.
Article 43 Members of the National Assembly may not concurrently hold positions prescribed by law.
Article 44 Members of the National Assembly shall not be arrested or detained without the consent of the National Assembly during a session, except in the case of flagrant criminals.
If a member of the National Assembly is arrested or detained before a session, he or she may be released during the session if requested by the National Assembly, unless he or she is an active criminal.
Article 45 Members of the National Assembly are not responsible outside the National Assembly for comments and votes made in the course of their duties in the National Assembly.
Article 46 Members of the National Assembly have a duty of integrity.
Members of the National Assembly perform their duties according to their conscience, giving priority to national interests.
Members of the National Assembly may not abuse their position to acquire property rights, interests, or positions through contracts or dispositions with the state, public organizations, or corporations, or to mediate their acquisition for others.
Article 47 The regular session of the National Assembly is held once a year as prescribed by law, and the extraordinary session of the National Assembly is held at the request of the President or more than one-fourth of the National Assembly members.
The length of a regular meeting cannot exceed 100 days, and the length of an extraordinary meeting cannot exceed 30 days.
When the President requests a special meeting, the period and reason for the request must be specified.
Article 48 The National Assembly elects a chairman and two vice-chairmen.
Article 49 Unless otherwise specified in the Constitution or law, the National Assembly makes decisions with the attendance of a majority of the registered members and the approval of a majority of the members present. In case of a tie, it is deemed to have been rejected.
Article 50 Meetings of the National Assembly are open to the public. However, it may not be disclosed when there is the approval of a majority of the members present or when the chairman deems it necessary to ensure national security.
Publication of meeting contents that have not been made public shall be governed by the provisions of the law.
Article 51 Legislation and other bills submitted to the National Assembly shall not be discarded because they were not resolved during the session. However, this does not apply when the term of office of the National Assembly member expires.
Article 52 National Assembly members and the government may submit bills.
Article 53 Bills passed by the National Assembly are transferred to the government and promulgated by the President within 15 days.
If there is an objection to the bill, the President may return it to the National Assembly with a written objection within the period specified in paragraph (1) and request reconsideration. The same also applies when the National Assembly is out of session.
The President cannot request reconsideration of part of a bill or by revising the bill.
When there is a request for reconsideration, the National Assembly reconsiders it, and if the same resolution as before is made with the attendance of a majority of the registered members and the approval of more than two-thirds of the members present, the bill becomes final as law.
Even if the President does not request promulgation or reconsideration within the period specified in paragraph (1), the bill shall become law.
The President shall promulgate the laws confirmed pursuant to the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 without delay. If the President does not promulgate it within 5 days after the law is confirmed under paragraph 5 or after the confirmed law under paragraph 4 is transferred to the government, the Speaker of the National Assembly shall promulgate it.
Unless otherwise specified, the law takes effect 20 days from the date of promulgation.
Article 54 The National Assembly deliberates and confirms the national budget.
The government must compile a budget for each fiscal year and submit it to the National Assembly at least 90 days before the start of the fiscal year, and the National Assembly must approve it at least 30 days before the start of the fiscal year.
If the budget plan has not been approved by the start of a new fiscal year, the government may execute expenses for the following purposes in accordance with the previous year's budget until the budget plan is resolved in the National Assembly.
1. Maintenance and operation of institutions or facilities established by the Constitution or laws
2. Fulfillment of legal expenditure obligations
3. Continuation of projects already approved in the budget
Article 55 When it is necessary to continue spending beyond one fiscal year, the government must set a period and obtain the resolution of the National Assembly as continuing expenses.
The total amount of the reserve fund must be approved by the National Assembly. Expenditure of reserve funds must be approved by the next National Assembly.
Article 56 When it is necessary to make changes to the budget, the government may prepare a supplementary revised budget and submit it to the National Assembly.
Article 57 The National Assembly may not increase the amount of each item of the expenditure budget submitted by the government or establish a new expenditure item without the consent of the government.
Article 58 When attempting to raise national bonds or conclude a contract that will burden the state outside of the budget, the government must obtain the resolution of the National Assembly in advance.
Article 59 Tax categories and rates are determined by law.
Article 60 The National Assembly shall not approve treaties on mutual assistance or security, treaties on important international organizations, treaties on friendly, commerce and navigation, treaties on restrictions on sovereignty, treaties of peace, treaties or legislative matters that impose a significant financial burden on the state or people. Has the right to consent to the conclusion and ratification of treaties.
The National Assembly has the power to consent to the declaration of war, the dispatch of the Armed Forces to foreign countries, or the incorporation of foreign armies into the territory of the Republic of Korea.
Article 61 The National Assembly may audit state affairs or investigate specific state affairs, and may request the submission of necessary documents or the attendance of witnesses and testimony or statements of opinions.
Procedures for government audits and investigations and other necessary matters are determined by law.
Article 62 The Prime Minister, members of the State Council, or members of the government may attend the National Assembly or its committees to report on the status of state affairs, state opinions, and respond to questions.
When there is a request from the National Assembly or its committee, the Prime Minister, a State Council member, or a government member must appear and answer, and when the Prime Minister or a State Council member is requested to appear, he or she may have a State Council member or a government member appear and answer.
Article 63 The National Assembly may recommend to the President the dismissal of the Prime Minister or State Council members.
The dismissal proposal under paragraph (1) must be approved by a majority of the members of the National Assembly upon the motion of more than one-third of the members of the National Assembly.
Article 64 The National Assembly may enact rules regarding deliberation and internal discipline within the scope that do not conflict with the law.
The National Assembly reviews the qualifications of members and may discipline members.
To expel a member, the approval of more than two-thirds of the members of the National Assembly is required.
Dispositions under paragraphs 2 and 3 cannot be brought to court.
Article 65 If the President, Prime Minister, State Council member, head of each administrative department, judge of the Constitutional Court, judge, member of the National Election Commission, Chairman of the Board of Audit and Inspection, member of the Board of Audit and other public officials prescribed by law violates the Constitution or laws in the performance of his/her duties. In this case, the National Assembly may decide on impeachment.
The impeachment prosecution under paragraph (1) must be proposed by more than one-third of the members of the National Assembly, and the resolution must be approved by a majority of the members of the National Assembly. However, impeachment against the President must be initiated by a majority of the members of the National Assembly and approved by more than two-thirds of the members of the National Assembly.
A person who has received a resolution for impeachment is suspended from exercising his or her authority until the impeachment trial.
The decision to impeach is limited to removal from public office. However, this does not exempt you from civil or criminal liability.

Chapter 4 Government
Section 1 President
Article 66 The President is the head of the state and represents the state to foreign countries.
The President is responsible for protecting the country's independence, territorial integrity, national continuity, and the Constitution.
The President has a sincere duty for the peaceful unification of the country.
Executive power belongs to the government headed by the President.
Article 67 The President is elected by the people through universal, equal, direct and secret election.
In the election under paragraph (1), when there are two or more people receiving the highest number of votes, the person who receives the majority of votes at a public meeting attended by a majority of the registered members of the National Assembly shall be elected.
When there is only one presidential candidate, he cannot be elected as president unless the number of votes received is more than one-third of the total number of voters.
A person who can be elected as president must have the right to be elected as a member of the National Assembly and must be 40 years old as of the election date.
Matters concerning the presidential election are determined by law.
Article 68 When the President's term expires, a successor is elected 70 to 40 days before the expiration of the term.
When there is a vacancy in the presidency or when the president-elect dies or loses his or her qualifications due to judgment or other reasons, a successor is elected within 60 days.
Article 69 The President shall take the following oath upon taking office.
“I solemnly swear before the people that I will faithfully perform my duties as president by observing the Constitution, protecting the country, and striving for the peaceful unification of the country, promoting the freedom and welfare of the people, and developing national culture.”
Article 70 The term of office of the President is five years, and he cannot be reappointed.
Article 71 When the President is unable to perform his duties due to a vacancy or an accident, the Prime Minister and the State Council members, in the order prescribed by law, assume his authority.
Article 72 When deemed necessary, the President may submit important policies related to diplomacy, national defense, unification, and other national security to a national referendum.
Article 73 The President concludes and ratifies treaties, approves, accepts or dispatches diplomatic missions, and declares and strengthens war.
Article 74 The President commands the armed forces in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and laws.
The organization and organization of the Armed Forces are determined by law.
Article 75 The President may issue presidential decrees regarding matters delegated by the specific scope of the law and matters necessary for executing the law.
Article 76 The President may take urgent measures to ensure national security or maintain public peace and order in the event of internal or external disaster, natural disaster, or major financial or economic crisis, and only when there is no time to wait for a meeting of the National Assembly. may make necessary financial or economic dispositions or issue orders having the effect of law in relation thereto.
The President may issue orders having the force of law only when urgent measures are needed to defend the nation in a state of serious hostilities affecting the security of the nation and when a meeting of the National Assembly is impossible.
When the President makes a disposition or order under paragraphs 1 and 2, he must report it to the National Assembly without delay and obtain approval.
If the approval under paragraph (3) is not obtained, the disposition or order shall lose effect from then on. In this case, the law that was revised or abolished by the order naturally regains effect from the time the order did not obtain approval.
The President must promulgate the reasons for paragraphs 3 and 4 without delay.
Article 77 The President may declare martial law in accordance with the provisions of law when it is necessary to respond to military needs or maintain public peace and order by using troops in times of war, incident, or equivalent national emergency.
Martial law shall be divided into emergency martial law and guard martial law.
When martial law is declared, special measures may be taken with regard to the warrant system, freedom of speech, press, assembly, and association, and the authority of the government or courts in accordance with the provisions of the law.
When martial law is declared, the President must notify the National Assembly without delay.
When the National Assembly requests the lifting of martial law with the approval of a majority of the registered members, the President shall lift it.
Article 78 The President appoints and dismisses public officials in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and laws.
Article 79 The President may order pardon, commutation of sentence, or reinstatement as prescribed by law.
To order a general amnesty, the consent of the National Assembly must be obtained.
Matters related to pardons, commutations, and reinstatement are determined by law.
Article 80 The President shall award medals and other honors as prescribed by law.
Article 81 The President may attend the National Assembly and speak or express his opinion in a letter.
Article 82 The President's acts under national law shall be done in writing, and this document shall be countersigned by the Prime Minister and the relevant State Council members. The same goes for military affairs.
Article 83 The President may not concurrently hold the positions of Prime Minister, State Councilor, head of each administrative ministry, or any other public or private office prescribed by law.
Article 84 The President shall not be subject to criminal prosecution while in office, except in cases where he or she commits a crime of rebellion or foreign affairs.
Article 85 The status and courtesy of former presidents are determined by law.
Section 2 Administration
Subsection 1 Prime Minister and State Councilors
Article 86 The Prime Minister is appointed by the President with the consent of the National Assembly.
The Prime Minister assists the President and supervises all administrative departments under the orders of the President.
A soldier cannot be appointed as Prime Minister unless he or she has retired from active duty.
Article 87 State Council members are appointed by the President upon the recommendation of the Prime Minister.
State Council members assist the President with state affairs and deliberate state affairs as members of the State Council.
The Prime Minister may recommend to the President the dismissal of a State Council member.
Soldiers cannot be appointed as members of the State Council unless they are relieved of active duty.
Sub-Section 2 State Council
Article 88 The State Council deliberates on important policies within the authority of the government.
The State Council is composed of the President, Prime Minister, and 15 to 30 State Council members.
The President serves as the Chairman of the Council of Ministers, and the Prime Minister serves as the Vice-Chairman.
Article 89 The following matters must be deliberated by the State Council.
1. Basic plan of national administration and general government policy
2. Propaganda, strengthening and other important foreign policies
3. Constitutional amendment bill, referendum bill, treaty bill, law bill, and presidential decree
4. Budget plan, settlement of accounts, basic plan for disposal of state-owned property, contracts that will burden the state, and other important matters related to finances.
5. Presidential emergency orders, emergency financial and economic measures and orders, or martial law and its lifting.
6. Important military matters
7. Request for a special session of the National Assembly
8. Awards of honors
9. Pardon, commutation and reinstatement
10. Delimitation of authority between administrative departments
11. Basic plan for delegation or allocation of authority within the government
12. Evaluation and analysis of state affairs processing situation
13. Establishment and coordination of important policies of each administrative department
14. Complaint for dissolution of political party
15. Review of petitions related to government policies submitted or referred to the government
16. Appointment of the Prosecutor General, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Chiefs of Staff of each military branch, the President of a national university, the Ambassador, and other public officials and state-run enterprise managers as prescribed by law.
17. Other matters submitted by the President, Prime Minister, or State Council members
Article 90 In order to respond to the President's advice on important matters of state affairs, a National Elders Advisory Council composed of state elders may be established.
The chairman of the National Senior Advisory Council is the immediate past president. However, in the absence of the immediate past president, the president appoints the person.
The organization, scope of duties, and other necessary matters of the National Senior Advisory Council shall be determined by law.
Article 91 The National Security Council is established to respond to the advice of the President prior to deliberation by the State Council regarding the establishment of foreign, military, and domestic policies related to national security.
The National Security Council is chaired by the President.
The organization, scope of duties, and other necessary matters of the National Security Council shall be determined by law.
Article 92 The Democratic and Peaceful Unification Advisory Council may be established to respond to the President's advice on the establishment of peaceful unification policy.
The organization, scope of duties, and other necessary matters of the Advisory Council for Democratic and Peaceful Unification shall be determined by law.
Article 93 A National Economic Advisory Council may be established to respond to the advice of the President regarding the establishment of important policies for the development of the national economy.
The organization, scope of duties, and other necessary matters of the National Economic Advisory Council shall be determined by law.
Sub-Section 3 Administrative Departments
Article 94 The heads of each administrative department are appointed by the President from among the State Council members upon the recommendation of the Prime Minister.
Article 95 The Prime Minister or the heads of administrative departments may issue Prime Minister's Ordinances or Ministerial Ordinances on the affairs under their jurisdiction, upon delegation by law or Presidential Decree or ex officio.
Article 96 The establishment, organization and scope of duties of each administrative department shall be determined by law.
Sub-Section 4 Board of Audit and Inspection
Article 97 The Board of Audit and Inspection is established under the President in order to settle the accounts of national revenues and expenditures, inspect the accounting of organizations prescribed by the state and law, and inspect the duties of administrative agencies and public officials.
Article 98 The Board of Audit and Inspection shall be composed of 5 to 11 audit committee members, including the director.
The director is appointed by the president with the consent of the National Assembly, and the term of office is four years, and can be reappointed only once.
Audit committee members are appointed by the president upon recommendation of the director, and their term of office is four years, and they can be reappointed only once.
Article 99 The Board of Audit and Inspection shall inspect the settlement of revenues and expenditures every year and report the results to the President and the National Assembly of the following year.
Article 100 The organization and scope of duties of the Board of Audit and Inspection, qualifications of audit committee members, scope of public officials subject to audit and other necessary matters shall be determined by law.

Chapter 5 Court
Article 101 Judicial power belongs to courts composed of judges.
The courts are organized into the Supreme Court, the highest court, and various courts.
The qualifications of judges are determined by law.
Article 102 A department may be established in the Supreme Court.
A Supreme Court Justice is appointed to the Supreme Court. However, judges other than Supreme Court Justices may be appointed as prescribed by law.
The organization of the Supreme Court and all levels of courts is determined by law.
Article 103 Judges judge independently according to their conscience and in accordance with the Constitution and laws.
Article 104 The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is appointed by the President with the consent of the National Assembly.
Supreme Court Justices are appointed by the President upon the recommendation of the Chief Justice and with the consent of the National Assembly.
Judges other than the Chief Justice and Justices of the Supreme Court are appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court with the consent of the Supreme Court Justices' Conference.
Article 105 The term of office of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is six years, and he cannot be reappointed.
The term of office of the Supreme Court Justices is six years, and they may be reappointed as prescribed by law.
The term of office of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and judges other than Supreme Court Justices shall be 10 years, and they may be reappointed as prescribed by law.
The retirement age of judges is determined by law.
Article 106 A judge shall not be dismissed from office except by impeachment or sentence of imprisonment or heavier punishment, and shall not be subject to suspension, pay reduction or other unfavorable disposition except through disciplinary action.
If a judge is unable to perform his or her duties due to a serious mental or physical disability, he or she may be forced to retire in accordance with the provisions of law.
Article 107 If the premise of the trial is whether or not a law violates the Constitution, the court shall submit the case to the Constitutional Court and decide the case.
If the premise of the trial is whether an order, rule, or disposition violates the Constitution or law, the Supreme Court has the authority to make a final review.
Administrative trials can be conducted as a pre-trial procedure. The procedures for administrative adjudication shall be determined by law, but judicial procedures shall be applied mutatis mutandis.
Article 108 The Supreme Court may establish rules regarding litigation procedures, the internal discipline of the court, and the handling of affairs within the scope that do not conflict with the law.
Article 109 Trial hearings and rulings shall be made public. However, the hearing may not be made public by court decision if there is a risk of interfering with national security or order or harming good morals.
Article 110 A military court may be established as a special court to have jurisdiction over military trials.
Appeals from military courts are governed by the Supreme Court.
The organization and authority of military courts and the qualifications of judges are determined by law.
Military trials under martial law may be conducted single-mindedly only in cases of crimes committed by soldiers or military personnel, military-related espionage, and crimes related to sentry, sentry posts, supply of poisonous food, or prisoners of war, as prescribed by law. However, this does not apply in cases where the death penalty is sentenced.

Chapter 6 Constitutional Court
Article 111 The Constitutional Court oversees the following matters:
1. Judgment on the constitutionality of a law upon recommendation by the court
2. Judgment of impeachment
3. Judgment on dissolution of political parties
4. Judgment on authority disputes between state agencies, between state agencies and local governments, and between local governments
5. Judgment on constitutional complaints prescribed by law
The Constitutional Court is composed of nine judges with judicial qualifications, and the judges are appointed by the President.
Among the judges in paragraph 2, three are appointed by the National Assembly, and three are appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
The head of the Constitutional Court is appointed by the President from among the judges with the consent of the National Assembly.
Article 112 The term of office of judges of the Constitutional Court is six years, and they may be reappointed as prescribed by law.
Constitutional Court judges cannot join political parties or engage in politics.
A judge of the Constitutional Court shall not be dismissed except by impeachment or sentence of imprisonment or heavier punishment.
Article 113 When the Constitutional Court makes a decision on the unconstitutionality of a law, a decision on impeachment, a decision on dissolution of a political party, or a decision on acceptance of a constitutional complaint, there must be the approval of at least six judges.
The Constitutional Court may establish rules regarding adjudication procedures, internal regulations, and administrative procedures to the extent that they do not conflict with the law.
The organization and operation of the Constitutional Court and other necessary matters are determined by law.

Chapter 7 Election Management
Article 114 An election management committee is established to fairly manage elections and referendums and handle affairs related to political parties.
The National Election Commission consists of three members appointed by the President, three members elected by the National Assembly, and three members appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. The chairperson is elected from among the members.
The term of office of members is six years.
Members cannot join political parties or engage in politics.
Members shall not be dismissed except by impeachment or a sentence of imprisonment or heavier punishment.
The National Election Commission may establish rules on election management, referendum management, or political party affairs within the scope of laws and regulations, and may establish rules on internal discipline to the extent that they do not conflict with the law.
The organization, scope of duties, and other necessary matters of the election commission at each level are determined by law.
Article 115 The election commission at each level may give necessary instructions to relevant administrative agencies regarding election affairs and referendum affairs, including the preparation of voter lists.
The relevant administrative agency that has received the instructions under paragraph (1) shall comply therewith.
Article 116 Election campaigns shall be conducted within the scope prescribed by law under the management of election commissions at each level, and equal opportunities must be guaranteed.
Election expenses cannot be borne by political parties or candidates except in cases prescribed by law.

Chapter 8 Local Autonomy
Article 117 Local governments handle affairs related to the welfare of residents, manage property, and may enact regulations on self-government within the scope of laws and regulations.
The types of local governments are determined by law.
Article 118 Local governments shall have a council.
The organization, authority, election of members of local councils, method of electing heads of local governments, and other matters related to the organization and operation of local governments are determined by law.

Chapter 9 Economy
Article 119 The economic order of the Republic of Korea is based on respect for the economic freedom and creativity of individuals and companies.
The state can regulate and adjust the economy to maintain balanced growth and stability of the national economy and appropriate distribution of income, prevent market domination and abuse of economic power, and democratize the economy through harmony among economic entities. there is.
Article 120 The extraction, development or use of minerals and other important underground resources, fishery resources, water power and natural forces that can be exploited economically may be patented for a certain period of time as prescribed by law.
Land and resources are protected by the state, and the state establishes necessary plans for their balanced development and use.
Article 121 The state shall strive to achieve the principle of agricultural inheritance with regard to farmland, and the tenancy system of farmland is prohibited.
Lease and consignment management of farmland for the purpose of improving agricultural productivity and rational use of farmland or for unavoidable circumstances are recognized in accordance with the provisions of the law.
Article 122 The state may impose necessary restrictions and obligations in accordance with the provisions of law for the efficient and balanced use, development and preservation of the national land, which is the basis for production and life of all citizens.
Article 123 In order to protect and foster agriculture and fisheries, the state shall establish and implement necessary plans such as comprehensive development of rural and fishing villages and their support.
The state has an obligation to foster the regional economy for balanced development among regions.
The state must protect and foster small and medium-sized businesses.
The state protects the interests of farmers and fishermen by seeking to stabilize prices by working to improve the supply and demand balance and distribution structure of agricultural and fishery products.
The state must foster self-help organizations of farmers, fishermen, and small and medium-sized enterprises and guarantee their autonomous activities and development.
Article 124 The state shall guarantee consumer protection campaigns to encourage healthy consumption behavior and promote quality improvement of products, as prescribed by law.
Article 125 The state fosters foreign trade and may regulate and regulate it.
Article 126 Except as provided by law due to urgent needs for national defense or the national economy, private enterprises may not be transferred to state ownership or public ownership, or their management may not be controlled or managed.
Article 127 The state shall strive to develop the national economy through innovation in science and technology and development of information and human resources.
The state establishes a national standards system.
The President may establish advisory organizations necessary to achieve the purpose of paragraph 1.
Chapter 10 Constitutional Amendment
Article 128 Constitutional amendments are proposed by a majority of the members of the National Assembly or by the President.
A constitutional amendment to extend the term of office or change the term of office of the President has no effect on the President at the time the constitutional amendment was proposed.
Article 129 A proposed constitutional amendment shall be announced by the President for a period of not less than 20 days.
Article 130 The National Assembly must decide on a constitutional amendment within 60 days from the date it is announced, and the resolution of the National Assembly must obtain the approval of at least two-thirds of the registered members.
A constitutional amendment must be submitted to a national referendum within 30 days after the National Assembly passes it and must receive a majority vote and the approval of a majority of voters.
When the constitutional amendment receives the approval of paragraph 2, the constitutional amendment is confirmed, and the President must immediately promulgate it.

Expand Supplementary Provisions <Constitution No. 10, 1987.10.29.> View Supplementary Provisions

Article 1 This Constitution shall enter into force on February 25, 1988. However, the enactment and amendment of laws necessary to implement this Constitution, the election of the President and National Assembly members under this Constitution, and other preparations for the implementation of this Constitution may be made before the enforcement of this Constitution.
Article 2 The first presidential election under this Constitution shall be held no later than 40 days prior to the enforcement date of this Constitution.
The term of office of the first President under this Constitution shall commence from the date of enforcement of this Constitution.
Article 3 The first National Assembly election under this Constitution shall be held within six months from the date of promulgation of this Constitution, and the term of office of the first National Assembly member elected under this Constitution shall commence from the date of the first meeting of the National Assembly under this Constitution after the National Assembly election. .
The term of office of the National Assembly members at the time of the promulgation of this Constitution shall be until the day before the first meeting of the National Assembly under paragraph (1).
Article 4 Public officials and corporate executives appointed by the government at the time of enforcement of this Constitution are deemed to have been appointed in accordance with this Constitution. However, public officials whose appointment method or appointment authority has changed under this Constitution, as well as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and the Board of Audit and Inspection, shall perform their duties until a successor is appointed pursuant to this Constitution, and in this case, the term of office of the predecessor public official shall end on the day before the successor is appointed. .
Notwithstanding the provisions of the proviso to paragraph (1), judges other than the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and judges of the Supreme Court at the time of enforcement of this Constitution shall be deemed to have been appointed in accordance with this Constitution.
The provisions of this Constitution regarding the term of office or restrictions on reappointment of public officials shall apply from the time the public official is first elected or appointed under this Constitution.
Article 5 Statutes and treaties in force at the time of enforcement of this Constitution shall remain in effect as long as they do not conflict with this Constitution.
Article 6 At the time of enforcement of this Constitution, agencies performing duties falling under the authority of the newly established agency under this Constitution shall continue to exist and perform their duties until the new agency is established under this Constitution.

