
Since I'm filming a movie, it looks like I've recovered without any problems in life, so I can go to the military. I hope I do my military service faithfully.
He’s like an angel, my ideal type❤️
But to me, Seo Jang-hoon's dark complexion makes him look like he has a really bad liver... I suggest he get tested.
It sounds like love, but it's worse than an affair. It's nothing more than a sex partner. Tsk. It's pitiful. Philip, I like young people. I'm leaving home. It's so annoying. Tsk.
Whether this is true or not, what kind of martyr or something should I support by mentioning my real name on social media when it hasn't even been confirmed? It's wrong...
Corona is going crazy...cancel the game or do it without spectators. Professionals are also playing without spectators, but you guys are far away??
Lovers are shedding tears because of Moon Jae-Ang.
Hwasa is really ugly
Congratulations, but please don't post pictures of the fetus! Just look at the two of you! It doesn't look good.
Did you visit Shin Bong-seon in the hospital?
I think it's possible to say something like that, but I didn't actually do it... It just seems like a big deal and it's a joke.
It's not immersive, the content is scary, the CG is childish, and it's a mystery that they spent 54 billion won to make something like this.
Mina, Nabal, and No Japan remain the same. Korean entertainers are looking at Japan, but Japanese years do not hate Koreans in Korea.
If only real female celebrities acted like women and lived like women, even if only to think of their children in the future.. How much can Kim Tae-hee and Kim Hee-ae be proud of? On the other hand, what about Baek Ji-young and Oh Yang?.. What is the crime of their husbands and children?
It's not that my husband went out to cheat, but he's still a capable man. If it were me, I'd live proudly~~ There's nothing wrong with Park Han-byul.
Kojae is an old man. He's only 55 years old. He speaks informally. We have to stick together. Thanks to that, I snoop around the broadcasting station and get hooked. Disrespectful drunk driving more than 5 times.
I don't plan on becoming a female idol and start dating.
Now wake up from the dream and come back to reality... Stop the gossip articles and listeners stop paying attention.
sun2**** Why did you force Myung-Hoon Chun to leave the company without saying anything? The criticism of Myung-Hoon Chun was broadcast on TV.
The voice seems to be the best in musicality...there is no one that can match it.
I thought Jang Jae-in would become Korea's Billie Eilish, but she ended up being featured in the internet media with such slander? I'm disappointed...
Bada Choi Choi-hyun had crazy synchronization!!!
I haven't seen you like that, Se-kyung, but you're a really scary person.
We live in an age where epidemics have transcended national boundaries, but these people are so heartless... They are no different from those who protest and ask why Koreans from Wuhan are being allowed into the country.
Yui is good at acting....
Why should I care?
Until the results come out, I don't think I should take either Shin Dong-wook's side or my grandfather's side - in fact, I often see celebrities slandering others, so I think it's time to hold back and wait a little longer for now.
Yuk Jung-Hwan, this bastard got married and went crazy with money so he had a different mind.
What are the kids who say it's better to live alone without getting married? How do they solve their sexual desires? Are they talking about entertainment establishments?^„^
Why are you writing so desperately? We just trusted you, but you lied. So, I won’t be your fan anymore. Don't lie and live honestly. You can do it in 2 lines like this.. It’s a waste of time that could not be of any use.
The woman hit the man well. An ordinary office worker meets a man whose income is at least several times higher than hers, quits her job, and lives comfortably at home. The female gender is so dependent and parasitic on men.
Why did they go abroad to film something with such high production costs? The directing, editing, and scenario all seem problematic. The story makes no progress and everything is inferior to the previous work W.
Let's go up
I don't know, I'm interested ^^
Kang Daniel is so good~ I couldn’t listen to it during the holidays, but I definitely want to listen to it again
People who say it’s fun, seriously, it’s not a part-time job??
I hope you don't get hurt after reading the comment. There's a lot of anger among people in our country, so they're just venting their anger. In a way, they're pitiful people.
And since it's real, you quit halfway through if you feel like it's not enough. There were a few couples like that... But in this case, the woman wasn't hurt because she was young, but the old bachelors must have had some expectations and were disappointed... Anyway, the young woman is nothing more or less than self-promotion.
There is no evidence, there is no original KakaoTalk message, what is it?
It was so fucking hilarious hahahaha Let’s promote him to 1st!!
During your hospitalization, your rank goes up. I guess you can say that your military service is over when you return to corporal level.
Finally, one more dark story has been added to BTS. I'm not saying there was a problem with meeting a woman.
Not long ago, during Park Seo-joon and Park Min-young's dating rumor, the reaction was something like, "I don't like people lying, and I'll get even more upset if it's revealed later," but I think Hyuna revealed it honestly after seeing that, but it seems to vary depending on the age group of her fans.
I'm really looking forward to what Beenzino will do next. I'm looking forward to the album.
Mina Ham So-won's article states that there are double-faced Korean women who think younger men are cool. When a man is older, malicious comments abound.
Don't do that, you're a criminal (attempted murder). Drinking and driving is attempted murder. There's no such thing as remorse. Someday, when you see posts like this, you'll say it's because of malicious comments and that you made a mistake after drinking, right?? Tsk tsk, who are you meeting? Don’t do that. Give it to other old maids.
Because they couldn't control it, they abandoned it as a large agency.. What a shame. From the agency's point of view... they make money as long as you release an album.
It's very obvious who the fans of those who consistently downvote are...lol.
Twice doesn't have any popular songs this year?... Yes, it's a money grab
But isn't it boring... It's the same pattern every time. Although the memorial is appreciated.
As expected, my wife’s taste is the best.
I'm glad there's no one like this in Wanna One. Even so, it is adding fuel to the group that will soon disappear as the sweetness has run out.
Difference and abnormality are completely different things. You cannot call other people bad prejudices when you have gone against the order of nature. I hope that a path to treatment and recovery will be opened. It looks difficult.
Pig stays Pig haha ​​And to be honest, if a man goes over 23, he starts to lose steam and doesn't look like the opposite sex. But what's worse, he didn't even take care of it in his 30s? What is this lol
Thank you for your courage
The story goes that a woman looks after a man, but even if she does well, she still pays for the food.
Onew fans were really criticizing the news about Jung-ah's marriage. Why is that?
I support the wisdom of choosing a small chance.
who the hell are you
No matter what you say, I support Bonnie Honey. Hehe, it really suits you well~~ Men are straight~~ You only live once, Bon Seung-ah, let’s go~~~
This administration has been quiet throughout, but since Burning Sun bursts into flames, a string of drug criminals has exploded.
Bae Yun-kyung is pretty
I know that Daepae Pork Belly was sold in front of Pusan ​​National University much before the time that CEO Baek mentioned. Was he trying to sound too dramatic? I admit that he tried hard.
The CEO of Taehee's agency said she's making a comeback this year. I want to see her. You said in a recent pictorial interview that you have become much more emotional than before.
Let’s just raise it to the hot spot for prostitution. If it's like this... I know you're doing it secretly...
The advertisement is as good as it gets. I can hear the prices going up.
The dirty bitches that should get caught don't get caught
How much education did you receive lol Where did you go to college?
The character Gu Dong-mae is a bit unpleasant and the setting itself is a bit old. Always with the same threatening expression
The logic of IZ*ONE and
Try hacking women’s things too.. They treat men like rags and objects, right??
Hey, is this also a Juvis ad? LOL But for an ad guy, the batting average is good.
Park Na-rae asking Henry how to solve it is sexual harassment, but as expected, since the woman and man are switched, it's quiet. Haha. A male comedian did that to a female idol. Tell him to apologize immediately.
I am. Ah~ah~ah~ah~ It's my daughter. The government should give her a national medal. Isn't it? Due to low birth rate. There are 5 people. Patriots
I'm going to poop right now.
She's not even a natural beauty... Is this why people keep posting this on Naver? I'm bored ah~~
There are no comments....
These guys are out of their minds. Are you going to call your little girls drunk like that and go to a motel? The level of sexual awareness among Korean men is revealed here. I can't tell the difference between a one-night stand and sexual assault, so I'm in a mess.
Wow, they're kicking out Hyuna, who fed Cube.. She's a huge free agent. I don't think it's a joke to compete to bring her in.
Nephew ㅜㅜ Donnyeon, you all should go out of business ㅜㅜ Those kinds of people are doing everything they can to make money, so seriously, this is a dog laughing. Please grow up like a dog.
When a friend is having a hard time, at least hold their hand. Girl groups were loyal.
Wow. It's a waste of face.
Let’s get paid for our crimes and work again, bye~
To be honest, I don't know about Jung Joon-young's Choi Jong-gun's level, but if Joo Jin-mo's level is Jang Dong-gun's level, it should be seen as talent donation, not a crime.
It seems like you have lived a good life and there are many good people around you... I hope you get through it well. I pray that the deceased rest in peace...
It's written as pretense and read as grasshopper. It's a fact.
I'm not going to criticize you. Anyone who tastes money changes like that. That's how people are.
Both of them are really cool and pretty ㅜㅜ But... um... why aren't there any articles about Hyorin? Jannabi too.... um...
She was so pretty
Daniel, you did nothing wrong. Meeting someone who will make you happy during a difficult dispute with a dinosaur - I support you unconditionally.
Comment age range....
I feel sorry for Su-ah. She was kidnapped and lived a hard life for 20 years. The man abandoned Su-ah and went to Min Chae-rin and tried to jump off the bridge. Wouldn't Su-ah turn a blind eye when she was there? And if she found out about Chae-rin, who didn't let her meet her parents even after finding out about Su-ah's identity, she would be kicked out of the house. It's me
It seems like people don't watch TV and only watch YouTube because of the extremely hateful Junior that is not popular at all and is played everywhere on SM.
We both don't know, but Cheer up, Ahn Jae-hyun. Divorce is hard, but let's not be torn apart, but let's not be broken.
Isn't this going too far when innocent lives are dying? They are a couple with no thoughts or concepts.
It would be better to leave the kids behind, but I'm going to remarry, so it's a waste.
If you have a daughter who looks like Moon Hee-joo ㅠㅠ.
Should I listen to stories about boring people’s lives?
Shouldn't I file a claim against my ex-husband before I commit adultery?
Avengers 3 is the last... It's sad, it's sad... ㅜㅠ I hope the deceased rests in peace.
Han Ji-min is all good, but her voice is not so good^^ Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable?
today ost. Who is the female Saengmok? It's uncomfortable to listen to.
I'm sick and tired of it. Thank you.
Sol Pharmacy Damoin is really awesome.
Yoo Hee-yeol, please come out as a guest, hehe. Yu-yu couple is a sweetheart.
This guy's voice is annoying
Put it down. Put down the broadcast. Because I don't want to see it...
The problem is the grandmother. Why did her daughter become like that? She doesn't know that and can't even come to her senses with her granddaughter.
Why do we only discriminate against women? Male celebrities do a lot of gambling, drugs, etc. and still end up doing well! Multi-target. Lee Soo-geun, Ju Ji-hoon, etc. These are the women who are posting malicious comments here. . . . Let's think about it
As of now, it feels like V+Jungkook? At that time, women liked Mickey Yoochun haha.
She was very attractive in The Good Witch, so I don't understand why she isn't popular. Basically, I think he has good sense and a good head.
A bad-tempered nigger. If this bitch had a good personality, she would be the number one Han Hyeon-min.
Shamelessness seems to be on the same level as nationalism.
It will be difficult to make a profit or loss of 1 million now.
They are my uncle and nephew...
It's more fun than Mr. Sunshine.
I only watch other actors' episodes, and when a stupid, lame, and tactless Gian episode comes on, I change the channel.
One of them went to graduate school by fraud and another sexually assaulted them. This is a very problematic group.
It's not that it's dirty, it's dirty... Hahaha, but it's okay as long as you use the hair dryer yourself.
BTS is popping up one by one now
Both of them were immature... Jeong Gyu-woon shouldn't be in entertainment, and his wife especially wasn't helpful. I need to save my husband's image....it's a shame....
What are you doing by calling in soldiers who went to protect the country?
There's no one worth seeing.
I really watch it because of Hyun Bin. I have no idea what he's talking about. Is it just me?
Why do you publish so many articles? Following Park Bo-gum, the support base of Zumnya seems to be very solid.
Haha then, are you going to say I scammed you? The statute of limitations has run out?
Also, look at the Jeolla-do class.
But the company is my dad’s company.
Thanks to Mr. Gu, I can't even believe this. Let's wait until the results come out
Just keep going ㅠㅠ
They'll go back and meet again, and Woojin and Joo-hyuk will save their father-in-law... Will they take their mother-in-law to the hospital beforehand?? And after waking up, they'll end up laughing happily together with their mother-in-law and their babies...?
Yeongja noona mukbang is good, but why don't you lose some weight for your health?
Dasom is also popular. Also, I see that the jealousy post is a reply... What on earth does this seem like a setup? I like it because I seem to show my solo life more plainly than other celebrities.
Haha, that's mental illness too. Get psychiatric consultation
Isn’t it my aunt and nephew?
There are more young people calling for the impeachment of Moon Jae-in.
I'm raising them very well... but here... there are so many dissatisfied women in their 40s... only the mothers who solved the problem book together can argue... they seem to be pathetic people who can't see men becoming better!!!!
Call me Onniyu and live happily ever after with someone else...
Haha, if you have a lot of money and ability, you live with many women. But the funny thing is, thumpers like you don't even get there haha.
Congratulations, but... is this common sense that we need to know to the extent that it should be ranked in search terms and plastered all over the article?
It's all good, but don't say things like this.. How old is the girl, and she's dating a guy like Park Seong-gwang ㅡㅡ
I hope you have a son and continue the family.
I really hate Kian 84, he's like a turtle sometimes... I'm trying to make him fun as a character, but I'd really hate him if he were like that in real life.
Well, looking at the comments... Park Myung-soo's wife seems to be quite attractive as a woman. Thump thump thump
I felt very unfair,, it must have been difficult.
Wow, maybe Joa, the team that will be active in Japan from now on is IZ*ONE. Everyone, you are scared of everything by IZ*ONE. My love, IZ*ONE, are all the same. After all, Ajiwon is a genius doctor. Since I am serious, the Japanese market that I love is IZ*ONE.
It's not like that.. Just trust me, humans.. If you don't like it, just live your own life..
I don't understand this person, Oh Jeong-yeon, and she seems like a bad person. Her ex-husband is a public figure, but she doesn't show any consideration at all.
It's so gross haha. Na Young-seok can't do anything other than travel, eat, and play games?? Just give it a try, I’m sick of it.
Most children are born because the mother wants them, and the husband just follows along. He can't even show his displeasure and even feels burdened!
Isn't it overkill to be a daughter? What makes you look like a daughter?
Hyunmoohyung fighting
There was a lot of talk about my ex-wife's daughter in the comments, so I told her to stop posting hateful comments... but let Song Yoon-ah take it easy. Don't keep saying it's not true. I'm living well after having children...
Hahaha, maybe a one-act drama? I just went to see Lee Seung-gi~
What Sujong Choi and Uee are doing is the most disgusting.
There are a lot of malicious commenters.
They say they know the comments, but the referee calls them too handsome. I was expecting a fair game, but I won't watch it anymore.
Song Ga-in is not expensive even if it costs 100 million. Ask someone as popular as Song Ga-in to come out in Korea.
Writer, please, no matter how you develop things in the middle, please let Min Sun-kyung and On Jun-young do well in the end...
Chaeya... Goodbye... ㅠ.ㅠ
Have all the Shinhwa jealous people come rushing in? Are you leaving your husband and kids behind?
Hahahahahahaha he was a fraudster hahaha
Yoo Jae-seok seems to have become a thing of the past, and I can't remember the last program that was even a hot topic, let alone a hit.
To be honest, if I were Kim Young-hee, I wouldn't want to get divorced and take on the debt of my father, whom I have no contact with. Even though she owes her mother's debt, the thought of her earning money to take care of her mother and pay off her mother's debt makes her feel angry. Anyway, the parents are the problem.
Sakura has star quality just by looking at her face. But Shiromamiru is disliked after seeing the comfort women incident. A girl like this should not be put in the debut group. And why is Nako in second place? My height is so short that when I enter the debut group, I feel very unbalancedㅡㅡ
It's actually a declaration of the end of the war, so give up your manners.
If you make a mistake, isn't it normal to go in and not do anything?
Is the woman stronger!? These kids are my mom~~
It is difficult to rule out the possibility that Jo Young-nam and Yoon Yeo-jeong were one body 500 million years ago.
It's my mom, why are other people making more of a fuss? They're so special, people in this country.
It would be nice for the victim's cousin to have celebrity friends...
Auntie Rado is like a old lady, the world is heaven.
Be more self-disciplined. Drunk driving is attempted murder!
Not a doctor, but an Oriental medicine doctor? lol
I think it would have been nice and full if I had eaten raw fish bowl at a sushi restaurant... It's a bit disappointing that they only insisted on sushi. The price of 9,000 won is good, but it would be better to pay more and have a somewhat full stomach, but I would hate it even more to pay a vague amount of money and eat nothing. ㅠㅠ ..
What happened to the Burning Sun rapist?
ㅇㅣAjeumma says she wants to live quietly, but why does she keep crawling out? They made fun of me on entertainment shows because I made a lot of money. Are you really interested?
Did you resolve the money that your mother and father borrowed? I like Kim Tae-hee, but Rain is really like a fraudster so I don't like her.
In Kang Yong-seok's Horizontal and Vertical Lab, Han Hyo-joo mentioned that it was not exactly true~
Fact check: All the bugs who forced condolences to be certified are women. They are mainly male pigs, worm pigs, female pigs, and female pigs.
Even on TV, they encourage suicide. That guy commits suicide.
Anyway, kimchi bitches
Dae-eun... Look far away... You have to play big... If it's your face...~~~~
Toilet Yoo-cheon = drug criminal = sex offender
The guys who go out wearing that are completely hipster category?
Cheer up ~Mom is strong..~ I believe you will overcome it~^^
Is it a trend these days to say that everything you do is exclusive?
After researching that, go in. How on earth can 4.5 billion be repaid so quickly?? Please at least publish a book. It feels like a bestseller.
I hope so.. It's better for the average office worker not to get married at age 40.
The neighborhood next door is crying
It feels so cheap... It feels like he's struggling to survive... It's a bit sad. What should PSY do...
‘That’ gender 72% Ohjine, the bloody shield towards San-i. thief
Why did they cast a short-legged person? The current situation is truly pitiful.
Crazy... I just feel sorry for them all... What's wrong with the trainees and singers... Cheer up, IZ*ONE and X1...
The happiness index of Ilbe loyalists is higher than that of the disabled Dr. Stephen Hawking.
Did you pick up the kids?
They are not people who have suffered from infertility, so they force themselves to do it for some reason. They just think that their pregnancy is good.
He really crossed the line and ended up causing an accident. It was Seonggu, not Sunggyu. The iron ball of the announcer world.
Oh my gosh, poor people are so annoying today too haha ​​Suga, have you lost anything whether you're gambling, in debt, or traveling somewhere haha ​​Please stop with those teachers, it's disgusting.
The fault is that her husband is Lee Byung-hun.
I said the promotion was a bit excessive, but it was also a disaster... Choo Ja-hyun, who is the best at acting, made a special appearance and died in the first episode haha.
No, did I really have to meet a Japanese bitch at a time like this?
Even just looking at the screenshot, it doesn’t match.
In fact, everyone in I.O.I except Kim Bum-su has disappeared...
Jiyeon's face looks more like an actress...
Every time I see the manager, I think of Seonghyuk. Jang Bo-ri and Moon Ji-sang.
Baek Jong-won Your store is delicious. Do you have it? You guys, take care.
There is nothing I can do about weekend dramas because they are only for grandmothers.
He has a nice face, but he's not that type of person. She seems to have some kind of misunderstanding, but Jung Joon-young is handsome and she is definitely not the type of person to do that ♡
It's ridiculous. They've been dating for 20 years haha. They definitely don't love each other.
I never hang out with Hyun Bin @.@
It takes no time for the media to turn a food critic into a greedy old man. As expected, the media is scary.....
If you remember getting beaten up in high school until you're 30, you've probably been hit hard haha. There's a reason for getting beaten up.
I don't like the Sookhaeng couple haha.
I didn't do anything, so why am I being criticized like this? It's been a while since the guilt-by-association system disappeared... but it seems to remain in the entertainment industry.
It's so weird.. it's amazing.
Kim Tae-ri is not pretty... Her nose is low and looks a bit unsophisticated... Too much for a female lead... Why is she showing off her face like this and appearing here and there??
It was good because it was fresh~!!!
Jo Se-ho is busy working as a flight attendant and serving in the military.
Hyeseong Lee of Seoul National University >>>>>> Numsa >>>>>>> Hyejin Han of Dongduk Women’s University. Jeon Hyun-moo is also about to get married, so he made a wise decision.
It's a pity that he's sick, but it's a good thing that it doesn't appear on TV.
It's a bit funny. Aside from the sea, Shu and Eugene were best friends...Shu So, I play with the sea haha.
Let’s skip the scam broadcast... I’m not interested.
Just take some time to sleep
Well, I think it's more of a problem with the BJ that made the man say that, but I did a quick search and found the answer.
Is the writer crazy or out of his mind? Is this a drama? ㅜㅜㅜ Go Hyun-jung's pronunciation is all messed up so I can't hear what she's saying and she's overacting. Why is Park Shin-yang overacting like that? It's always the same acting ㅠㅠㅠ
It was a habit and I even sold it, but it only lasted 1 year and 6 months??? I'm going to sell drugs and make a few billion won and wear a hat for 1 year and 6 months.
When I look at Seungkwan, I think I see Moon Heejun.
My popularity plummeted after I got married...why???
It's a really fun program that can heal you just by turning it on✨
You don't really have a baby???
Is the reporter showing off? The scarlet letter is a stigma attached to an adulterous woman. Please read the book. You ignorant reporter.
Kids who say bad things = I just sigh when I look in the mirror ㅇㄱㄹㅇ
It makes sense for those who are going to go... I pray that the soul of the deceased rest in peace.
Still, Yongjin Kim
Do we even need to know that the producer of a music genre that doesn't even sound like music has died?
The more I look at Yeoju's clothes, the more she reminds me of Lee Da-hee. I think she would look good on her...
Congratulations~ I am enjoying your acting and entertainment. I hope your married life is also sweet~^^
It's so fun, the colors are great and the acting is great.
After Gangabit’s life, you have to participate in the #MeToo movement and confess, then wear an electronic anklet.
You guys don’t watch pros.
Be careful. Looks aren't everything.
I watch all the dramas that the real Yu-ri Lee appears in. While I was disappointed with Korean dramas these days because they are so boring, it was Lee Yu-ri's acting that really took my breath away. I also got to watch Song Chang-eui again. It's the drama award winner❤
But why are there so many anti-clients in the comments? (I'm asking because I don't really know) Isn't it possible for people to get divorced and remarry, or to go on air and say that Jima is pretty? Didn't they get divorced because they all fought while brandishing knives, went to the emergency room, drank, and used violence??
Hmm, popularity is also power. Even though Hwang Kyo-ik said the right thing, there is a lot of criticism because he is unfavorable. This is why popularity and powerful people make our society a lawless place.
These pigs with acne and glasses who can't even make a noise in front of a model are so excited that they caught a trick and don't know what to do. Haha. Even if you die and wake up, you don't have the body to be a model, so is this how you relieve your inferiority complex that has always built up? Haha.
I feel a little mentally unstable after breaking up with Jeon Hyun-moo.
It was wrong to send it out without editing. The producer is not a celebrity but an ordinary person, so shouldn't he be filtered out of the broadcast? It was wrong for Kim Gura to bring it up in the first place.
Keep doing yoga. Don't act like you can't.
Is SBS News an entertainment broadcast? If you're not a celebrity, there's nothing to write about, right?
Cheer up, pretty Hyeseon, next time don’t meet someone like that^^
Now let’s get married!!!
Marijuana is now legal in LA. stop barking
It's a season haha
Is she pretty?
Everything else is uncomfortable -ㅅ -
It's quiet again, you guys. It's consistently quiet, so the feminists are talking about mental illness.
You’re Joo Young-hoon’s wife, right? ?!
Is it because of you that 2NE1 disbands?
It's best to have a relationship that is cool and cares for each other, but it's the hardest if you risk your life for a little bit and get upset.
Gukjoo, you don't seem to be active much. Please do more. You're pretty, fighting.
It's so bad that I'm falling asleep
Park Sung-kwang should resign as a comedian, it’s not even funny.
I support actress Kang Han-na haha
Don't just ask men, check how much water comes out of women too. If a lot of water comes out, they are excited and that means consent.
To be honest, it wasn't Lee Sang-min, he's the kind of person who can't appear on TV with his nose in the mouth.
Are you an old man?! You really have a sense of entitlement.
There are people who can't even dream of traveling. It's a pity that Naver and reporters have no thought and consideration. Even elementary school students learn the conditions for good news.
The investigation is fake.
Issued by the prosecution? It is substantively reviewed by the court and then issued by the judge.... The prosecutor must have judged the application made by the police and applied to the court... How can the prosecutor issue it?
Do you know now that you are a nuisance??
There are a lot of dirty people. I think it's great that a young man works hard, but on the other hand, there are probably a lot of people who are jealous.
Oh really, BTS did something similar to Apple once so I'm doing it now. Try more. Japan really looks like it's going to collapse soon~
A woman's enemy is a woman haha ​​MeToo victim vs Jo Min-ki's wife
You’re pathetic, baby mom.
Jeong Ga-eun, Han Jae-seok... Ugh, he also seems to have an abnormal spirit.
I'm also curious about the well-being of Chuka Chuka's three friends~~ I really enjoyed watching it.
Girl group life is over and now it's time to give birth~~? Now it's all about getting breast milk~~
Do you only have ten won in your bank account? I got married and the drama didn't sell. What should I do?
ㅇI guess the intelligence department is investigating.. Seungri will commit suicide soon. No..the police will say he committed suicide by putting nitrogen in it..
Junyoung also appears, but he’s Saengmin lol.
When it calms down, he crawls out haha. It's so easy to return to the military. Hahaha.
Han Eun-jung's acting is really good.
It's just that I don't give anything away ??????
Those idiots who chase after married men are truly unresponsive. Haha, as expected, he has firepower.
I want to see Kim Saeng-min too ㅠ
Nuclear fun, what did you believe in when you went free?? One vote for networking casting
Kim Ok-bin is the best at acting.
Wow, I can't get used to it...I always see Shindong as a prolific...I might get stabbed again, but it's still a huge hit.
Just live quietly. Do you want any attention now?
The army that approaches others~~~~~~
The real Big Bang is a social evil
Hyorin, you're pretty and popular, so be patient. You can't even get a face like that, so what are you going to do with those thugs who are whining behind you? You losers in life, come now and try to rip them off.
I thought he was just a handsome comedian, but when he shaved his head, he looked really handsome. I was embarrassed because he was so handsome.
I still like Song Joong-ki, but has Song Hye-kyo left me? Please take a proof photo together and upload it to explain.
I understand why our brother Jang Hoon got divorced... This woman, Oh Jeong-yeon, doesn't seem to be an ordinary person either...
A housekeeper? It seems to be evaluated as the worst trash entertainment show along with The Taste of Wife...
I think he was beaten to a bloody pulp and received money as alimony.
Why is my time wasted? It's really bad
The fact is that I make more money and live a happier life than the people who make malicious comments in every corner of the house.
Oh what should I do?
The country is truly trash. A benefactor has come, just as much trash as a developing country, but he doesn't even show his face.
Song Hye-kyo, fighting. Why do you criticize other people's lives? Without knowing the details, I think you should take care of yourself. If you swear, you are guilty.
Lee Seo-jin If you hang out with old people, you'll grow old, you're a fool.
No, it's because it's clear the intention behind posting something like that...
Even married people don't give oral sex, but someone I just met asked for it, so I was shocked and crazy.
Me and Noh Sang-gwan
Hello God the drama is still vivid
The poor staff must be having a hard time.
Something happened that Megals could never dream of.
At EBS, they seem to be hitting and swearing at each other for fun. Who wants to join the company?
If you want to do your best as an actor, shouldn't you keep trying regardless of whether the project fails or not? I've never seen the project.
No, I can't gamble with my own money?
You can't tell just by looking at it, but who is more guilty or a swindler?
I broke up with J.
Time flies every time I watch Familiar Wife. 16 episodes are too short, so let's extend it to 20 episodes. The follow-up drama is scheduled for October anyway. Show me Familiar Wife during Chuseok!!!!
This is the only drama I watch these days. Han Ji-min is pretty and Ji-sung is cool.
Aren't those members not only Zico, but also Eddy Kim and Park Jae-jung???? They boasted about being close on TV, but when an incident broke out, they tried to cut it off... Haha, they have no loyalty. Haha, celebrities seem to have an easy life.
Now, let's look at the boy who doesn't have much inspiration...
I will give my hand to you as I go within today.
I'm not good at acting, but I'm good at dating. Just go in and get out.
I have to go to Messiah to eat something delicious. There must have been less people. It's better that the bubbles have subsided. I miss Hyunwoo.
Since you’re showing off so much...
If it were me, I wouldn't marry into a house like this.
I think it's Jaemin.
Is it sad that Rhoda-ju died or is it sad that the Sewol ferry students were sacrificed? It's patriotic to watch the bad hero movie Volva one more time on my birthday. I visited Korea to coincide with the 5th anniversary of the Sewol ferry disaster, so the atmosphere of remembrance is dim. I won't watch Marvel from now on.
After all, young mothers are the best. Women should get married young.
The Megalyuns stomped and cursed at Han Hyo-joo, accusing her of not being able to take care of her younger sister. When they saw Park Hye-mi not being able to take care of her husband, they said that Park Hae-mi was also a victim.
Someone is on the main page due to giving birth.
It was a Chinese girl. It kind of smelled like Chinese.
Kim Hee-ae also appears in it, so you definitely have to watch it because it's a true story.
Even if you beat them to death, don't act like a wild goose. When you go abroad, you 100% end up with nosy people and cheaters. You don't know that, but you are working hard to make money and are sending money by acting like wild geese.
That guy is getting married too, so what are you people saying with hateful comments?
Wow, you guys are trembling to bury a new kid. If it's true, you should be punished, but why are you like this when you only listen to one person? There are a lot of idols who came from Iljin. They are trying to cover up everyone and kill ordinary people. You should bury your older brothers first.
Jo Woo-jong also seems to be a very harsh person... I don't think it will last long haha.
Are you blaming the broadcast production? In my view, there was enough choice for Hyeonju, and that choice seemed reasonable enough. I think the problem will be solved if the reporter stops talking nonsense and trying to sway public opinion and returns to reality.
Are you all in an uproar over Ahn Jae-hyun and what he did wrong? Isn’t Ku Hye-sun strange? Who can see it? I'm not taking sides, just look at the facts.
So, do you go to a club, drink water, sit around, read books, talk about politics and economics, and eat ramen? That's all for fun. What is this?
Goodbye my love, I will let you go now and forget all the memories.
A bitch like a bitch
As a celebrity, you may be thinking about your image and being irresponsible, but you are responsible and older than you think. It may be early for a man, but he will be getting married soon.
Joseon's peerless beauty lives well.
Twice..., Act of God, Hitman... failed one after another... because of Golbin's wife ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
There is a 15 year age difference, so if you had an accident when you were young, you would be punished haha. Jeon Hyunmoo is talented. I guess women like Jeon Hyunmoo’s style.
What should I watch now? Rediscovery of Namgoong Min. I'm bored.
Take down the article. What about me for posting the wrong article to the main page?
I'm really unlucky. Wow.
You're pretty~~^^
Now let's go to the military
A soul like this is truly perfect if it relies on God. If you enter the seed of the word, you will be truly moved.
Ahn Hyun-mo doesn't want to have a child, but indirectly, it's the end of Rhymer's anger... It seems like he's disappointed in Ahn Hyun-mo's selfish attitude, tsk..
When a man lives in society, his hands may brush, right~~
If you meet an athlete and then meet an ordinary person, you will most likely break up. ..Eating and making a living is a basic human need, so can you get a morning ride in a Benz?
For some reason it looks like Moonslam to Femme haha.
Looks like Geolbok-dong is in a hurry.
You say you are healthy~ Should I take a basic physical fitness test? Can you do one push-up properly when you have insufficient muscle mass, are underweight, and have low blood pressure?
Oh, you're so funny Hong Sister, why can't you make a drama like the old fantasy couple My Girl?
Where on earth will male power end?? Joo Ji-hoon, T.O.P.. hehe, and many others have amazing characteristics, so it would be possible, but... they're amazing..
Hwijae Lee, please...don't throw away your image before money..
mean thing
Am I the only one seeing your face for the first time this time? Are you a popular actor in weekend dramas? I have no idea who he is...
I don't want to see a man with a lot of tears, he looks creepy.
After all, women should marry based on their educational background. Shin Jae-eun is a student of the regiment.
So fucking ugly
I respect you, Myungsoo.
She's famous for exposing men in her white paper... She's a slut.
I'm a girl, but Song Da-eun is the most attractive haha.
Why do parents blame their sons for their mistakes? Unless you sold out the country, let's make a distinction.
We need to attract places like One Table well. It is cruel to tell people to give up when there are so many young startups and how many fail. Baek Jong-won also took a test and was told to come to his senses and work harder. Don’t just curse like Kkonde.
I liked it, it felt like listening to the radio...
ㅅㅂ Look at how they chose the title in Megal language.
They were the Bread Shuttle ARMYs who were always getting hit on by EXO-L, but they have grown up a lot haha. Screw it.
As the golden medicine drips, it comes out quietly.
Those who cause accidents and have dirty personal lives are men of that gender.
No matter how much you make a fuss about Lee Chan-won being first place, you can’t! why? There are many singers in Korea who sing like Chanwon^^, but there are no singers who sing like Lim Young-woong or Ahn Seong-hoon, so that's a fact!!
The girl is pretty.. I’m jealous of her dating her like that.
Park Min-young is so cool
Chosun Ilbo reporter, don't use black-haired foreigners for something like this. I was enjoying the drama, but when I read the article, I got angry. To us, black-haired foreigners are a term that mainly appears in financial crimes, used to raise slush funds by pretending to be foreigners, paying less taxes, and raking in money.
Ah.. everyone.. I’m so angry.. Either I’m really really good at acting or I have a natural personality.. I hate the world..
You two look good together...
I don't know what everyone is looking at lol. It's really childish. There are many people who have never seen this series.
Who has what right to judge and criticize someone who is pretty? What happened to your values ​​when you criticize people you don't even know who they are? Are these people whose humanity is so trash that they can curse at the faces of passers-by?
Haha, Cha Ye-ryun is not a celebrity who gets hate comments, so what can I say? Cha Ye-ryun didn't do a good job. It's not my place to apologize for your post, let's just understand it and move on. You can't touch the lady. She is, but she's just kind of funny.
I can hear the lines well, so you guys should dig your ears.
Honestly, it's a shame. If you're Oh Chang-seok, you're a handsome guy that's hard to find anywhere. Don't go on a date and meet him.
Hmm, good luck Horan.
I'm starting to do a lot of unplay again haha ​​It's not even fun.
Are you talented? Are you good-looking? Are you likeable? Are you tall? Even if you made a name for yourself through luck, you would not be able to make it in the entertainment industry for long even if your parents were not guilty. I live alone, so I hate Park Na-rae when I see him getting promoted by someone who doesn't have 24 hours to spare. They said they were about to lose
Just have a three-way face-to-face meeting with the movie officials, Kang Eun-bi, and you. That would be much better. What is this? If it was something that happened between the two of you, you could solve it together ㅡㅡ Do you really have to do it here? And why do netizens need to know your nails?
Don't you think about the victims? I don't think I would have been able to do that if I changed my position.
But it feels like I'm imitating Kim Soo-hyun's way of speaking... Our voices are similar, but even the way we speak...
If you go that way, the person who goes first will be very happy.
Hong Seok-cheon to the National Assembly!
Gianida is good. But please bear with me for the year-end awards ceremony. ㅜㅜ
Just say you did it. If you hide something and make it better than before, that's fine.
They say it's because the parents are capable~ Isn't it okay to do this much for their children? I'm not deceiving them, but if I were that capable, I would do this much.
They say shit again. It is worth catching 300,000 people in the Womad pair. levels.
Hey you stupid dogs and pigs, since Blackpink is not making money, aren't they pushing Jennie who is more responsive? ㅠ President Yang says he drinks whiskey every night and sheds tears, so please understand.
Hello.. Good morning everyone.. Everyone who reads this post will be blessed with a lot of good luck on Monday, the beginning of the week. I hope your family lives long and prosperous.
Be a trainee at JYP for 3 years
Lee Sun-kyun's acting in the movie Mi-ok is so vivid...my money...
Execute them as an example to the flower snakes.
The kimchi girl is out today again~
Ye-seo is ugly but bad, Hye-na is pretty but bad, and both are good at acting, but to me, that's the difference.
Why did you kill Hye-na? I don't understand. Kwak Mi-hyang, who stole someone else's husband based on lies, is not punished and is living well in her castle even after being caught lying, so why does Hye-na die? Even Kwak Mi-hyang, who should be the most miserable, is doing well.
Is Ryu Jun-yeol Ilbe? Get away from Son Heung-min!!
The guilt by association ㅡㅡ parents are cheating, but the children have to get off.
I'm the type of person who gets fat as soon as I eat it. No matter how much I eat, I don't gain weight.
The reason why YG should not fail is because of Blackpink, the unrivaled top girl group.
Isn’t there a place that Soyujin doesn’t wear? Are you the head of the entertainment industry? It looks like the east, west, south, and north are all pulling each other~~ I don't want to see you, you're showing off too much~~~ Please show off in moderation~~ It's eye-catching.
Cheating isn't even a fact, but at some point it seems like a fact.
It's funny to even try to make that happen.....
Recognized as having passed the California bar exam. It might have been a bit weird if it was New York State.
Suicide is not an indulgence. Roh Moo-hyun and Jo Min-ki
Please don't come on TV and cry while selling your emotions. Oh, you're such a loser.
I don’t want to see Lee Soo-geun
In my opinion, he is a celebrity who will last a very long time.
I feel sorry for you at this point.
Do it in moderation. There are many times when you want to retaliate while driving, but I just understand and I can create situations like that, so I just move on. People who write comments here don't seem to be drivers.
Yeah, you must be crazy about money haha. How dare you make your children become a benefactor?
From now on, this Ana will have to be especially careful about banning SNS.
People in our country are generally good at trusting people, so there are a lot of scams. Most people in Jeolla-do are scams.
Is it true that it has already passed? Please take care of yourself
Who is that bitch? Are you a pornographic actor?
By the way... I made a mistake and apologized properly, but why do they keep doing that?
They'll come flocking to you. Hehe, I'm not doing it to harm others, I'm doing it because I want to, so let's not say anything.
I guess he's leaving because he doesn't want to be on air with Narae. Because Yumi doesn't want a two-shot.
It's so funny... The demolition village is the main stage setting... ㅡㅡ Mission: Impossible was much more fun. Watching this made me feel like my eyes were opening.
Whether or not Nam Lee gets plastic surgery~~ He says he will fix his face himself, but there are a lot of people telling him to leave it alone, so he's going to do it with his own money??
The problem with this drama is that if there is a love line, there is room for criticism, and if there is no love line, it is difficult to get the attention of the women.
The shortcut to divorce in a marriage made out of love that Gashi Nari pushes unconditionally
After all, Koreans can’t see others doing well.
If BTS, ranked 3rd in Korea, is like this, it will be a real uproar if EXO and Wanna One advance to the US.
There's something lame about it haha.
Hannam sucking Kian = Hannam pigs
An unattractive person with no personality at all... Even though he's nice, he doesn't feel like a man... Except for the money...
You don’t have to show me… I'm not curious...
No matter how much of a show it is, how scared and offended a man must be if a woman like that shows interest. Female gender power... Cheer up, boss, and I hope you heal well from your emotional wounds. ㅠㅠ
Wife, if your husband commits a crime, should you get fired from the company? Do self-employed people close down? I sat there laughing.
It is sung by Kim Gun-mo. Love broken like porcelain.
It's the worst of all family entertainment shows. They came out to help their son recover, but the whole family ended up getting celebrity disease. Programs like this shouldn't be done.
Guilt is just a bird, Gyoik, learn how to live your life, and that money is not everything. Find out which way the public sentiment in society flows.
There are a lot of subscribers horizontally and vertically! Looking at it, I don't think it's worth subscribing to.
If we had given Nako a center or a lead role, we would have been a top team. It's a pity why they didn't think about popularity and only focused on their skills.
Wow, really amazing body~
What's so bad about this? Anyone can meet and part ways, but the analogy is not good.
Are you trying to live your life like an entertainment show? It's good to laugh and live happily, but it's a pity. There's a reason why you can't get married.
Haha, born in 1979, aren’t you still an elementary school character? Kim Jong-min, too, probably wouldn't like to go with an adult image.
Sunye: But your singing skills were at a high level during your Leeds days, right? Is it worth comparing to Taeyeon?
Ah, I like tropical birds better.
Is this Han Ga-in’s bridge? It's true.
The comments are really scary. Is this a part-time commenting job? People can do that.. They really bite people for saying the wrong thing. I'm so scared that I just have to breathe and live.
They told me to be strong for divorcing someone else's family and that it was cool... Those who don't even have a groom fell in love with their wife's cosplay ㅡㅡ
Are you jealous because I’m prettier than your girl? haha.
EXO is a disciple?? I'm so jealous...
Honestly, when it comes to acting, Namgoong Min is the target ㅡㅡ
I heard steel rain is fun.
Take down the article, you have no manners towards orphans.
Jannabi, cheer up. Your song is a ray of light in my gloomy life. If I don't listen to Jannabi's song, I can't sleep due to insomnia. Your songs are the light of my life
First of all, Seungri didn’t do drugs ㄹㅇ
Pilmo ruined the man's pride and I haven't seen him since. He has a creepy smile and a smug attitude.
I should have lived my life working and not being an idol.
I wish Kim Gura would stop appearing now.
My older brother is sane, but why is my younger brother like this?
It’s the third one~~~~~ It’s terrible haha ​​My whole life goes by while raising a child!!!!
Uh-huh, you're telling me to swear again
Those who are bullied deserve it.
Hey, did I forget “you”?
It's nice to see that they seem to be living well. There are a lot of people here shaking their stomachs haha.
Sulli, Friday, October 14th
Suii is the worst lol
As soon as Goo Hye-sun posts a post on Instagram, she prepares it, and then the article comes up and the comments start flowing in an instant... There are a lot of people who think it's strange. I also want to file a national petition for corruption in entertainment agencies. Even when I go out, there are a lot of people who say it's strange.
Even swallowtail butterflies go like this.....haha
There was even an article saying that remarriage was a distant pride...
For a moment, I thought it was Go Jae-geun and was shocked.
If you stop talking now... I'm about to become unlikable.
It looks like these two have a way to make money????? They are cute ????talents, but why are they not doing dramas and acting on Instagram? Hahaha. They are going through a lot of trouble because they are all listening to their requests to meet young children and go out to play.
In the end, it was an agreement and dissolution, so what is the point of filing a lawsuit in a situation where an agreement has been reached?
To be honest, Jeon Hyun-moo upgraded this one. What kind of announcer would you date in this world? Find a man of your level, like a baseball player.
As the boy with short legs loses weight, his head gets bigger and his body gets smaller, which makes him look ugly.
I'm sorry. I don't even trust the National Forensic Service. ㅠㅠ
Park Sihoo..the past will be washed away..
If you don’t have the skills, don’t do historical dramas.
In each work, the face is different depending on the hair star. This man is strange and strange.
What is Park Han-byul’s crime?,.,ㅡㅡ
Just don't show off quietly and get married.. What kind of pride is it for an old bachelor and old maid to get married.. I wonder if it would be eye-catching if they held a great event with their dry-haired personalities.. Tsk.
If you're ugly, you're cool and confident, and the bodysuit is completely embarrassing. If you're pretty, you'll get hate comments.
Heungkuk is a wild goose dad. . . I saw on TV that he was having a hard time. . .
But who is it???
What is the crisis?
They must have had surgery for ophthalmopathy haha. Where is the cure? haha.
Live only with your mouth... Feel a lot of things this time... This is not a world where you live only with your mouth...
It's not easy to pursue one's goals and live hard despite the huge barrier of being disabled... I'm envious, and it's something I should emulate. May the deceased rest in peace.
Mi-ae wins because she is younger than Hye-kyo and she is not single.
This person really didn't do anything wrong. He just parked in front of his house to accommodate the designated driver, but he's showing this much self-reflection. Please act well again.
Don't all the viewers know that it's because he's a mozilla haha ​​A pure man like that goes well with Park Na-rae.
Jung Haein is so good, so good~~
I'm really looking forward to it. I wonder how it will be different from the scanned version.
Goo Hara, fined 2 million won, ex-boyfriend sentenced to 6 months in prison, 2 years of probation, completed 40 hours of sexual violence prevention training~~~End
Minjoon Kim used to give the middle finger to reporters hahaha.
As each episode passes, it seems to become more cringy and childish.
If a wife treats her husband poorly and doesn't take care of his bed, he will 100% cheat.
What kind of bob is this?
I was doing well when I was alive, but I heard that I had a hard time because I didn't have a friend to hold my hand before I died... I'm blaming malicious comments.
The ones making a fuss here aren't they? LOL They say they will mourn when their idol dies, just like they mourn when their favorite singer or actor dies. Unlike you, they like what Karl Lagerfeld makes and buy a lot of it, so stop talking about it.
Why am I like this...Oh Dal-soo is such a waste...I couldn't watch with my eyes open seeing a talent so precious to Korean movies fall apart...I was also a fan among fans...a moment of wrong action...even though it's in the past, I can't remember that fact. ... How can I turn it around.... Oh my.
I hate Kim Gura the most, that guy will never quit.
Every time I see Park Min-young's face, that face comes to mind ㅡㅡ I can't concentrate. Ugh. How much trouble is Park Seo-joon in??
Education, character, occupation, rich husband, happy family haha, Megals are damn good.
Are you done with self-reflection?
Are you looking after your younger brother? Then what crime are you accusing Han Hyo-joo of?
But this person really looks like a movie star. Her beauty is irrefutable.
If you look at the comment section, you'll see that there are a lot of men. They'll only care about their work. They're also interested in other people's work, so they'll either get a job or quit their job.
He's a criminal, so he's his own person so he'll investigate properly~~~ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
The two are in conflict
Even if they make a comeback, the current top girl group is TWICE. From now on, Soshi should treat top TWICE as if they were seniors.
Who is it~~^^I guess no one is coming out now.
Jade Tea: Namyang Dairy Products
Seonghoon, cheer up. Now let’s just walk on the flower path.
First of all, I don’t know who Soyoung Jeong is.
Park Hanbyul is so pretty~
Good luck Horan-unnie~ Drinking is about living a wonderful life in the past and showing a good side to the fans~^^
We're all acting like we're artists. We've been working for 6 months, promoting for 6 weeks, and making a living for 6 years. Stop doing whatever it is.
The concept of eating and drinking from Dwolmakgi Seopwae.. Do it in moderation, do it in moderation. I'm so sick of it.
I saw a post where a fortune teller said that this couple's relationship could deteriorate rapidly within 2-3 years of marriage, leading to a risk of divorce, and I thought there must be a thing called compatibility, as people can't escape each other.
I feel sorry for Yewon... They were both at fault, but one is acting like a victim by appearing on TV to explain and working while the other is not being able to do anything at all.
I admit you have a lot of money, but are you taller? Kim Gun-mo and his mother need to lower their eyes before they get married.
Wow, you’re so pretty.
One of the celebrities who was completely disappointed after seeing the real thing
I should go to my 40s and 50s... When I call my grandmother, it's Uyano.
I can't act, and as I'm getting older, I end up playing supporting roles.
Hwanhee is pretty, don’t say anything ㅡㅡ
Yeah, I knew it wouldn't work out~ I'm sorry haha ​​I don't have any skills like a beggar and my eyes are all slit and I'm not even good at anything... Tsk tsk.
♨ No one wants season 2.
Lovers' characteristic: They say that tone rather than singing ability is the standard for a main vocalist. Kim Chae-won beats Kwon Eun-bi, Ahn Yu-jin, and Choi Y-na, and is the second best vocalist after Jo Yuri, right?? In DC
Why do healthy couples starve? I guess I just want to eat out
ㅇㅅㅇ I hate women
I'll reveal who it is haha. And let's get her permanently kicked out of the entertainment industry. She's no different from Jeong Yoo-ra haha.
Your face, body, everything is beautiful, Sezelye, be happy~~~
Sixth Sense's stage is really cool and they're good at it, but their visuals are also good, so why can't they only get 4th place? They should give them at least 2nd place.
If a woman loses her mind and has sex without giving consent, is that rape? She met her because she wanted to apologize, but she was raped a second time. There are quite a few people, and I don't even know why that's a problem.
I hate Park Na-rae because she seems so pretentious!!
I'm sorry, but I thought you were a fake Ohhyuk like Hoon-ah...
Are you saying bullshit after reading the articles that say it's true that he cheated? There was no mention of something like that happening, but spreading false information is so fucking hilarious. I hope Kim Heung-guk sues him.
Be sure to show it off like that. What are you doing wearing a swimsuit at night~~ Jeon Hyun-moo took a picture together and uploaded it, and we like each other! You have to press the button and make a fuss about it on TV and change the program~ You obnoxious couples!
There is a story I heard from an actor. If the living expenses are 1,000 won a month, he is confident that he can live by acting as a courteous wife.. Haha, that is also a type of love, so he wants to portray it.
As expected, Kyunggyu hahahaha
Eunjung Jo is pretty~~ haha
I think it would have been perfect if Cha Seung-won and Kim Sarang had played it because their ages don't match the original.
When was Lee Min-jeong's chiffon dress style? It was a style that was popular 5 years ago... The style is really not comfortable.
Ugh!! Yunjin is so mean..ㅠㅠ
Now, no matter what I say, it's hard to be honest with my sincerity... If I don't check, I won't be reprimanded, and if I don't see it, it sounds like you guys should make a fuss, I'll find a different way.
I can't believe I have to watch the opening of the new semester even on the weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just watching it on a weekday is annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m glad it wasn’t ‘Roh Moo-hyun’
From Lee Soon-jae's spouse's point of view, it must have been very unpleasant, but even from a third party's perspective, it was unpleasant...
I'm just curious. I don't know much about this incident, but why is Seungri at fault? He didn't do drugs, sex, assault, or prostitution himself, right? The people who were there are at fault...
Even if you're a male singer, MC, or actor, you can get along well even if you gamble, prostitute, use drugs, and hit and run while drunk, so why do you do this only to Shu?
It’s fun. Namgoong Min’s power
Park Min-jung, you did a great job~~ I feel refreshed hahaha I’m finally leaving ㅡㅡ
I never thought you could sing this well~~ See you again
Cheer up!!! I believe that He will protect you in heaven. Don’t lose your bright side always and show me your pretty and bright smile like before!!! Fighting!!!
Are you going to take your mother-in-law and prepare a birthday table for your mother-in-law? Do you want to do it to the best of your ability or even bring your own mother and put her through hard work to score points? Is she too lazy or immature? She's already 40 years old!
I looked at other pictures and it looks like you're naturally chubby...
Last week - it was my nephew's first birthday. Please publish an article
I don't know who it is, but it's not good to make your face known like this.
Really Han Hye-jin. Why is she here ㅡ ㅡ Absolutely no fun!!
It's really nice to see you. May you live a long and happy life.. Song Kim, you are truly amazing..
If you're enjoying it, there's nothing to say~ hahaha I don't understand why people do things like that hahahaha
Mom and Dad smile a lot, and Ha-eun also has a bright smile.^^
1st place because there are no comments
Ah... everyone is a judge. If it turns out to be false later, will you have a conscience and apologize? If you don't take responsibility for what you say, you are no different from a convicted criminal. Please think carefully and leave a comment.
Cho Yong-pil, don’t show off.
Wow, this couple has great visuals.
Will a dinner party for two really be sweet? Haha, it's so good just imagining it.
If it's hard, you should quit. That's wise.
It was cheap, it was cheap~~
eww
Um... Cheap...
ㄱㅣThere’s nothing to write about. I can’t believe I saw something like this in an article...
What, nothing happened? It's so funny
Say goodbye to Min Sang-ah well.
old and ugly
Then, a date violence offender was summoned on the air...
A couple and their children who look so handsome
Have a nice love♥♥
Invermaa ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I missed you ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
I'm proud that my friend is announcer Kim Soo-hyun's cousin haha.
There are a lot of people who get serious while watching entertainment shows. I hate it. Entertainment shows are entertainment shows. They look at that and wonder about their personality blah blah blah. Ugh, no answer.
Let's learn from Gugudan too. If you can't make money, it's right to cut off. Kim Se-jeong escaped from Gugudan prison.
A typical Korean ajumma image...
If Roy Kim is the same, he is a kindred spirit. I hope it's not Roy though.
I know it became an issue because of the glasses, but JTBC announcer Kang Ji-young wore them first, so why did it become an issue? Looking at it, I don’t use it every day.
No, it was Microdot's parents who were at fault, but why are they cursing Hong Soo-hyun?
That damn burning is the problem
Do you criticize MC Mong but praise a druggie? What justification is there for a medal won through foul play? Ugh.. dogs.pigs.
Already on a world tour? Did K-Pop fail after the guys who debuted last year and went on a world tour, not EXO and BTS?
So, Season 3 and 4 were done after selecting all the members, but isn't there a problem with all the debuting members?? Haha
Bullying doesn't register.
Hong Jin-young, cheap shit
You've grown up well. You look harmonious~
A monster couple born of capitalism
I also want to go after the ceremony...it's a dream, right? haha
Han Hye-jin, keep your mouth shut. Like a fool, Jeon Hyun-moo, baseball player's relationship breakup, haha.
Wang Ji-hye is 34 years old, but I recognize her looks. A woman should be like this.
Kwanghee, instead of Bangtan, you are being patriotic by serving in the military for 10 more years.
Look at Jennie's big face haha. Her hair is so big. It's Jennie haha. Soy Jenny haha ​​Ko So-young is old now and she's going to be a grandmother haha.
Why does the atmosphere say Han Seo-hee was so good? You should get criticized too
Song Ji-hyo is boring and doesn't put in any effort even when the members do the hard work. And then the penalty is almost always waived. LOL.
There's a lot of effort these days to raise awareness. Men are better at Ilbe and women are Mega. That's how they attract attention.
I was always looking at ugly and dirty guys like Kian and Lee Si-eon, but when Hwang Min-hyun appeared, my eyes started to purify.
A flower is a flower whether it has withered or not, and women are people, not flowers.
I’ll let you live with beautiful Seyoung hands in water. Come on.
If Park Hae-mi is as glamorous as she is, it won't take long for her to divorce and get back together. She's still sexy and the most popular woman among wealthy men.
That’s because the fans are also dogs and pigs.
Yang Se-jong hahahahahaha goodbye.
A normal couple♡♡ If everyone were like them♡♡
I'm posting a picture in anticipation of an article...
He passed away haha
Why isn't Jang Man-wol invited?
He was handsome and had a talent for solidarity and diplomacy. May he rest in peace.
The fact that Kyung-gyuong chose Cha Eun-woo as the target of comparison in that context is proof that he considers Cha Eun-woo to be a representative handsome man.
It was even weirder to believe that he was having an affair just because he did a variety show. So, is Lee Seo-jin your real wife? Really?
There's no need to get caught even if you cheat...it's not an affair...there's no problem with property...it's cool...when a report like this comes out, the money gets expensive after a while...how long will it last...???
Is Blossom Enter a criminal group? From Lee Seo-won to Son Seung-won... It's very unfortunate... You pathetic bastards... Come to your senses... Get them all kicked out...
If Kim Soo-mi were your mother-in-law, you would be tired. I feel like my son will be happy if I help him cook, too.
To whom is raw data disclosed?
Death to Tom Gwan-ori~ A sniper attack on the Moon Jae-Ang administration? Well, there was a forest fire in Gangwon-do, and the mayor was away for 15 hours on a weekday while traveling to Jeju Island, so he deserves to be criticized.
If you do it, you don't do it. If you don't do it, you don't do it. It's not your personal Twitter, so don't post anything you're uncertain about from the start.
Is that him in front? Are you a man or a woman?
How could he have donated so much? He must have put away 20 billion won. He took care of his children and family.
Not only was the directing good, but the content was the worst among empress-level dramas... Stop watching such provocative dramas and try watching Boyfriend. You will learn what healing is and what a premium drama is.
Please stop creating controversy over trivial things, and stop making personal attacks and biting. Why are you living like that?
Be strong and confident and meet someone better
Characteristics of those who post malicious comments kekezen radians
Fact: When the incident occurred, my husband and I had been together for 20 years and ups and downs. A sample of a Chinese woman
If there was a promiscuous idol, it would be EXO or Wanna One, but definitely not BTS.
Song Yuna, who believes and filters
Have Jeong Jun executed and hanged OOO
It's not that I don't like Yang Joon-il, he seems like a good person, but I wonder why he's featured so much on YouTube and the news.
ㅈ The lines are so pretty
Kang Daniel is developing it.
It's boring, it's no fun, it's rubbish.
So when do you have sex?
I'm watching with interest what kind of performance Eunseom will perform in Arthdal~~ Fighting Eunseom!!!
It's really amazing that you've endured this long... !!!You live like a goddess as an ordinary person...!!!! You worked hard, Tae-im unnie.
Most of the unexpected kids are thumpers lol. Do you think men will feel uncomfortable?
Isn’t that why they are all so affectionate and affectionate? Hahaha
Stop it! I'm sick of it! I think it would be better to get rid of all the men and just live with the holes...
Jo Jae-hyun, cheer up and don’t quit ㅠ
What are you doing on TV and are you good at dating?
Even here, people who point out and condemn others… I wonder what they can say to others… I think they do it too casually when condemning others.
Please purchase and donate
The acting is really good, from the creepy traitor in the goblin to the comical.
He said it was Lee Min-ki's face ㅠㅠㅠㅠ He's really handsome and suits the role really well ㅠㅠ I'll look forward to it in the future!!
There are so many bodies like that on Instagram that I'm no longer impressed.
It was just a bunch of short, old, double lung men who couldn't understand the topic and said things like that haha.
Investigate and arrest Moon Jae-in for collusion corruption between SM, a manipulation fraud group, high-ranking broadcasting executives, production staff, and the media! Let’s impeach Moon Jae-in, who is promoting corruption in government affairs!
If you take out more, it will be really pretty.
The more you dig up pollack and dried pollack, the tastier it becomes.
It looks good, I’m jealous~~~
I'm looking forward to the day I found it by chance
How uncomfortable is the daughter-in-law's relationship with her father-in-law? Unless the father-in-law is mentally ill, does it make sense to grab the daughter-in-law's hair? How bad would her daughter-in-law be that her father-in-law would grab her hair?
Lee Gyeong-gyu, who raised a con man, should also get off. I don't want to look bad.
Even though fans are treated as invisible people, there are still people who suck at them. Is it because their fundamental nature is slavery that they have to be punished to feel safe? Or are you a bitch and forgot everything?
The person who died was not a celebrity, but an ordinary person, so is this news?
Hwang Minhyun is sweet and handsome...♡
As expected, the kids I used to hang out with in high school asked about old, rich men getting married, so I went there. Most people in Ulsan know that I gave everything I had when I was in high school.
I really liked Lee Hyung’s songs ㆍㆍ It was the most popular ㆍ I liked it even more because most of it was self-composed
So what is this woman, Park Hwan-hee, doing???
As for the music quality, among the three companies, Oijiya's music and music video stages are still not worth the money.
The more you gain weight, the more attractive you become to women. Conversely, for men, sexual attractiveness decreases.
Iru? Taejin, you mean a puppet?
I'm sure Park Yae-jae is that person, and the other person has been hitting the drip machine with bottled water since school lunch lol. She's just no answer, so why are you making a fuss like a pot because you feel sorry for her when she's in pain? Hahaha. They're just a group of no-answer people. They're gangster girl idols made by a bunch of idiots ㅇㅇ
Why isn't there one? I like announcer Kim Soo-min better... I like celebrities and public figures who have something to say~~
Please make Altari Man, Kkakdugi Man, and Gat Kimchi Man.
The fact that it appears on the main page of an article because you are not wearing a bra is in itself a really funny and scary thing. Is this a big deal? Right, wrong, is this something to do? ㅁㅊ People of the Joseon Dynasty. How can they oppress women like this?
Kim Soo-chan did much better. They are giving good scores to people who fit Trot. Problems were revealed in the screening.
When he was expressionless, his eyes had a bit of a gangster-like feel to them, but the facial expression was definitely not wrong. Why are people from the Marine Corps like that?
Do-gyun is clinging to Hyun-joo like that, so is he dumped?
Turn the mill...
Aren’t you an American bitch? It reminds me of the time I ran away to America after an accident and was escorted by a black taxi driver. The hospital will use all Korean medical insurance.
What's wrong with your face?
How about a 53-year-old dad? My dad is Kwak Bu-seong... congratulations.
Because of the Sewol ferry disaster, the Salvation Sect has become like a trash group. Isn't it just a religion? There is freedom of religion, but those who mismanaged the Sewol ferry were punished.
He’s handsome, but the proportion of people in their 40s is too high. Ugh.
What is respect? Why do you add respect to it? Why do you say you respect Lee Min-jung??? It's the same, but what's different?
The women's side is not fun. It would be better to make a new male member. The women's side is really boring.
Since when did the meaning of swearing become the same as the meaning of making a promise? Hahaha. It's so crazy hahahahaha. Look at them putting up a shield with one mind just because they ran. It's ridiculous haha.
Park Na-rae really appears on the airwaves, and every time she looks so ugly, it makes me change the channel.
Your mother-in-law is very nice.
In today's world where there are many women with disabilities that prevent them from having children, it may be wise to marry someone who is human.
I'm starting to get excited during the comments....
Anchovy-type sullihae
I’m looking forward to it this time too.
Go to the military
I always support Gongvely❣ Actor Gong has a good personality, so of course our fans also have good manners.
What can't be explained? Beauty correction~
Of all the members, I think Haha was the first to know.
Who is this gangster?
It's a pity, he was one of the talented artists, but it ended up like this because of other people's selfishness. Still, it seems like there are a lot of fans left, so I hope he can return in good shape soon!!
As expected, you are my destiny. Congratulations to Woo Hyo-gwang and Chu Ja-hyeon couple on their wedding. I hope you both live well as you are so pretty. For your information, I wish Soi-hyeon couple would not come out. Chicken meat
You look happy. But it's a pity that there is no baby.
I know you have a nice body, but you look like an exhibitionist.
It's so fun~~~
Just one comment on holy land, divorce news within 3 years
Phew.. younger man? If Lee Jong-seok decided, I would have to watch it, but looking at the story, it seems to focus on the female lead and the male lead takes a backseat.. Even if it uses a female lead who is good at acting, it will be just fine.. This is a work before Lee Jong-seok goes to the military. Let’s think again.. Let’s just make a childish and light romantic comedy.
The entertainment agency reacted sincerely to the joke.
Hmm.. Did Hyuna and Eden have sexual intercourse?
Who is Jo Soo-hyang?? Isn’t Im Soo-hyang salty?
Both fathers die of cancer.
A deceased person? Wow, there really are a lot of kids with strange intelligence in the world haha.
I don't watch it...I won't tell you why...you know?
How can I get rid of drug addict entertainment? Blackpink/Winner/iKON could all be drug addicts.
Comment: There are only angels. To me, it seems like a directing with the camera rolling. A friend's daughter without a mother. Now that the camera is rolling... am I being too negative?
Celebrities are seen as dogs and pigs because of the jealousy of these old maids in their 30s and 40s who have nothing to do.
He looks really greedy..
Mother and daughter are the same. Mom is too much and Jang Yoon-jung is full of money, but it seems like the reason they both came here in the first place is the same.
I've never seen a sports drama this interesting~~ It was a drama that was possible thanks to Baek Seung-soo.
I remember Han Eun-jeong when she was a rookie. He was so good at acting as a villain that I went to interview him in the middle of the night. It was different from the very beginning. It's a pity that it didn't pop up
If you eat Samsibaek again, you will yo-yo. I hope you control your diet well. Experienced diet yo-yo.
I went to buy a lottery ticket and won the lottery of my life. I support actor Jang Dong-yoon in the future ♥
As long as the food tastes good, it's okay for a chef to be weak. What's a fault for being weak? What's a fault for getting divorced? My image is a mess. I'm not even a celebrity to begin with, but I'm so stupid.
The level seems low. Bong Tae-gyu of SBS is a perfect fit for a low-class role in a drama.
Kyung-Gyu-hyung, they all have the highest viewership ratings.
Looks like a tour of Jeolla-do
Kim Heung-guk Oh, are you so stupid?: I'm going to beat you to the point where you can't even report it haha. If you beat him half-heartedly, he reports everything these days, so if you're going to beat him, beat him like a bitch. Then, the breakfast table will change.
Junyoung looks happiest when he’s with Youngjae!
Although it was difficult, I almost found Hong Jin-young's voice. But since he is a composer, the author is completely clueless. Are you a fool? Are you hearing impaired?
A fashionista no matter what you wear...
Are these modern gangsters?? Just by looking at it, it looked like he had at least some experience as a gangster... It seemed like there were people who were bullied during their school days.
Because it ended with the chief prosecutor being cut off, we need to catch up with the higher-ups.
ㄹㅇ Gwanjong....
Stop breastfeeding and just use formula! I have to watch online news every day about your milk not coming out!
It seems like he sometimes appears with strange YouTube BJs.
Haha, this is a list that will soon be treated as black history.. There are some who are already in progress.
I went to Baek Jong-won's Chinese restaurant and it wasn't delicious.. You should worry about your own chain restaurant first.
Isn't this someone's imagination? I saw it in the forecast, but it was alive.
The left-wing virus sucks.
I'm not a fan of Kang Ji-hwan, but if you're imprisoned, do they let you use your cell phone? And why do you break into a man's house and drink? Anyway, why are you doing this again?
Honestly, if you just stick to Jang Woo-hyuk and control his personality, it will last a long time.
GD's face has changed. It's even swollen...
How can a face like Hwasa be an idol and a celebrity?
Reporter Choi Shin-ae, write well. Who is the object of your pity and who is the object of the public's indignation? Did you end up falling for the reporter after all this?
I burst out laughing when I saw the female teacher. Wow, this is so true. Is this the idea of ​​living alone for the rest of your life? lol
Sister, you’re cool, soduda, sodoo
Why is there suddenly lung cancer? There is no plot in the story.
My husband is Jang Dong-gun. I wish he could have it all.
Even if you make good money, put tax evasion to death.
Han Ga-in, who used to look the prettiest in the world, is now clearly showing her age... It's a shame.
I can't even express myself the way I want, but it's Korea, tsk tsk
I felt sorry for Han Hye-jin, it seemed like she was going downhill due to Jeon Hyun-moo's likeability.
Yoon Se-ah is good, but it’s a boring drama.
If you sell it at that price, I don't think it's a good business.
Ga Se-yeon is stealing PD Kim Tae-ho's assets. Please explain. Why is there no response to Ga Se-yeon's analysis as to how he can get more than 4 billion won worth of money from MBC's monthly salary??
Just live quietly. I hope you don't see it on TV or the Internet. Let’s not make each other blush!!
Oh my gosh, you pigs say you like food.
A woman like that will come to her senses only if I give her a lot of children.
It's an entertainment show, but it's a strange program without a single funny kid... It's just like I like people.
Do Kyung-hwan is just not that good... I don't know why, but it feels like he's creating too much of an image.
Park Han-byul is not guilty. Her husband is guilty... Tell Park Han-byul to stop.
It's controversial, it's rude, I'm sick of Lee Sang-min's hate bird, stop it now.
And I feel sorry for Han Chae. Does the man have a job? And tell him not to lie. Is it a small wedding at the Shilla Hotel? I have a lot of money, so I did it there.
Kangin is unfair. Don’t go on a witch hunt. In that case, everyone in Jung Joon-young's group chat room is subject to investigation. There must be one or two group chat rooms created as a one-time program or something.
ㅉㅉㅉ How long will it take to recharge what we both want?
I'm good at it, but why is it so hard to admit it? If I listen to it myself, I can't say anything.... Son Seung-yeon~ Fighting~!!!
Ugh..Baek Jong-won is boring. I wish it would stop now
You guys are like psychopaths
Why is Jaehoon Tak among the wedding guests? Anyone know?
If you don't act, why worry?
I will never forget your mime performance.
I feel sorry for Seong-Hoon!
You don't need anything, Ku Hye-sun is pretty. If you're pretty, it doesn't matter what your personality is... If you're pretty, it's a world where you can do whatever you want. Hye-sun is so pretty.
I wish MBC would do weekend dramas again ㅠㅠ
Wow~ 19 years~ It's amazing! Cherry~ Let's cheer up a little more and don't get sickㅠBut I want to see Cherry.........................
He's spitting in his own face. Grow up.
These days, I keep listening to you sing~~ It's such a shame why it didn't show up~~~ ㅜㅜ
Dokki...he's young, but he's cool...
Those who criticize Kim Je-dong, are there any stabs? If you live your life straight, you will be stabbed, you young laborers.
He’s as irresponsible as Yoon Doo-jun.
Lim Hyun-joo is so pretty. A woman like Lim Hyun-joo is so lovely to look at♡
There is no end to the greed of a young woman because she looks like a woman.
No, we made her pregnant. Let’s force the baby’s father to be considerate.
This sister is also old...
What on earth is the government trying to hide by blaming an innocent person like this?
Snow comes out fully corrected.
Lee Seok-hoon seems to sing better than Kim Jin-ho.
Your wife is so beautiful. Please make an appearance together. I had so much fun watching it.
That's why he harasses people like that~~~~~ He's famous, but he's so damn good. It's because it hurts.
It looks like he's the son of Basuni Maengbagi, a fake marriage story.
Why does my face become more pale after dating? I don’t have bangs. My face shape. He's a lot taller than I used to be...he's younger than me...why do both arms stand out when he smiles...
I got pregnant before marriage~~ I’m not bragging hahaha
It's ugly~ The girl in the middle is pretty~
Wow~ 19kg in 2 months ㄹㅇ human victory
These days, when the pet culture of dogs and cats is growing...ㅠㅠ Do you like Hannam that much? I'm more than just disappointed, I'm angry.
I want to be the youngest daughter of that family
From what I've seen, Han seems to be seeing this guy and that guy. Sooner or later, there might be an article saying that he and Gian are dating. For some reason, Han seems to be interested in Gian haha.
Look at the comments lol. They are siding with Fan Bingbing, who ignored the laws in China and committed an illegal act. Are you crazy? No matter how communist and uncivilized China is, do you support a bitch who committed an illegal act?
Sangjin Yeo is a mathematical essay genius~^^
If you're not Jungwoo oppa, we can't talk about it..
Aren’t K.Will’s voice and singing style too old? He also performs concerts.
Honestly, I think Lee Jung-hyun is the top actress in Korea. Jeon Do-yeon is next. To be honest, the rest are all trash. They are all rich girls who can't even boast about being actors. ㅇㅈ?
Even though it's harsh here, when an article comes out showing YG celebrities taking pictures, people in the group say they like it lol.
Are you an actress now? The Liberty Korea Party is dirty, do it in moderation.
Tuna death... I support Jaehyun Ahn
But honestly, you might not know that this is an illegal business... but you probably know that it's just an entertainment establishment...
Cheer up ^^ I will always support you ^^!
May you live happily and proudly
I'm crying for no reason... I'll pray that the day will come when I can see my loved ones who I miss so much.
It must be CG. Did they actually do that?
It seems like the problem isn't being a lesbian, but Jackie Chan's mistress, discord, dropping out of school, and running away from home...
I cried ㅠㅠㅠ.... The baby really resembles the mother's heart and looks like an angel.
The Republic of Korea is an amazing nation. It seems like there are 50 million people out of 50 million who are good at singing. The national character is so proud that they cannot compromise with others. As expected, each individual is outstanding.
Why is Yoo Byung-jae so pretentious? Isn’t that a disease?? There is no sincerity
When I listen to Jang Yoon-jeong's song, I get emotional and cry along with her, but she's so emotionally drained that it feels like some kind of machine is singing, and she can't sing at all. I don't know how she got first place. Was it manipulated through voting?
It's getting more and more final.
The way I see it, the problem is opening it up. These days, I think men are kind of nice, but once I open it up...
Everyone who mentions Running Man is an elementary school student haha. Did they swear at Jung Hyung-don like this too haha? It's natural for a celebrity to appear on TV after saying he's retiring. It's not an accident.
The real jewels in the jewel box are artists like CL Lee Hi... I think using it as a title when you clearly know the meaning of jewel box is just playing with the fans. I thought I lost my senses, but I didn't expect to see such a stupid development.
Song Hye-kyo always makes excuses saying that she just needs to stay quiet. She is entangled with all the male celebrities she filmed with and does she really want to do that?
I heard that Yoon Mi-rae, Tiger, and JK's managers cheated and cheated, and went through all the trouble so far, and now they're working together. I hope it goes well.
A woman's cooking skills are better than her face. But your face is pretty too.
Reporter, are you human too?
As expected, it tastes better than Chunhyang
It reminds me of Ahn Jae-hyun being witch-hunted while Ku Hye-sun was on social media.
Great actor, you never did anything wrong. Cheer up.
The couple that I hate to see the most. They confessed at the first pitch that they were the ones. Even though they weren't the main cast. The woman succeeded in making her face known.
Kim Jong-guk's father, the happiest moment in his life was when his muscular son didn't go to the military? lol
There must be academic corruption. Let’s track it down.
If you're jealous, you'll lose, but I'm jealous. It's cool!
bts is the best
We need to reflect. Not a single actor was nominated.
There has already been an interview article posted where he explained that he never attended the briefing session. Could you please take this down?? And those who started cursing even though it was just the contents of the complaint and there were no solid facts, please take care of your conscience http://naver.me/5h07ulzU
Cha Eunwoo is god level... Lee Gyeonggyu is c level. Rub it, rub it, grandpa.
Roy Kim said no... no!!
Do you make a mistake while eating it and then eat it again?
Don't copy IU
It seems like they won't be able to live long before they get divorced, but that's also their choice...
But do you really understand that they are doing that in the name of freedom? It seems pathological, but isn't there a reason why bereaved families always keep things confidential?
Do you feel pathetic when you're sitting there watching dramas? Candidate Cho Kuk, we must protect it with our own hands. Please sign the national petition. If things continue like this, the country will be eaten by indigenous Japanese pirates.
Is it good to go on a trip abroad?
Every night, quite a bit. I can see that I'm losing weight.
Why do mentally deranged people lose weight like this? It’s a problem.
How can I catch you when a video of your rice cake comes out? I hope he comes out, look at his face ^^
The reality is that women who have had plastic surgery hate Kim Je-dong, let alone Cha Eun-woo.
A lot of time has passed. Sleep well~
How difficult is this situation for me? You have to earn money for your children, and it won't work in Korea. You're probably very afraid of how Japan will accept you if you cause trouble. I don't like Shu, but let's just support him.
Just divorce me. Life is short. If you knew it wasn't meant to be, don't break it up and let it go. For your own sake~~
Just look. You are not the writers, nor are you the ones to wield the writers. You just have to look at the author's intention. It's just a drama. Don't be mistaken with reality, and don't become a boss who wields power over the writer.
Gatizens’ witch hunt is disgusting, really.
It suits you well, you should get married soon
The entertainment industry's malicious comment mall is scary. I heard that there was not a single story on Sulli's Notebook that said she suffered from malicious comments.
Lee Dong-nam Ajumma’s singing is terrible, but the noise level is
Let’s start by inspecting Shincheonji.
I heard that Jang Ja-yeon's agency was spying on her ㅡㅡ I wonder if it really was suicide ㅠ There are quite a few questions ㅡㅡ
Kang Daniel+Park Ji-hoon+Woong Seong-woo, especially Kang Daniel. The whole country already knows
Ugh ㅠㅠ I have three sons haha ​​I have a lot of money so what~~
Seeing that the ratio of women in their 30s is the highest, I understand why people think Go So-young is pretty ^^ Ladies, I'll tell you this sincerely, but women in their 30s honestly don't look like women at all~^^
As expected, it's the worst
It's really cool ㅠ
It's an unreasonable number, but it's really fun haha.
It seems like they're encouraging it a bit...isn't it okay for young people to date?
Cheer up... I'll answer with acting. I'm 53 years old too, and things like this have happened to me. I believe in character... Cheers.
There are so many bitches who watch entertainment shows seriously that entertainment shows are so boring these days. It's also the reason why martial arts failed. In the heyday of martial arts, the level was no joke.
I strongly support Jung Woo-sung. We will actively accept refugees. Please give generous support to the government to help refugees adapt well.
I’m so glad the dance is over~
Who is this?
What on earth are you thinking? You don't even know if you're embarrassed. Why don't you just take off your clothes?
I feel sorry for Azul by the riverside. I also sold my face on TV.
Namgoong Min is trustworthy!
Kim Saeng-min, the victim of the flower snakeㅠㅠ I believe the truth will be revealed!!
I don't want to worry about other people's dating history. I know they're dating, but they don't show it openly and ignore it, so it's annoying as a viewer. We just want to watch the program, not watch TV to see their cold atmosphere. Take it in moderation.
Enough with Director Seo’s shitty form.
Meanwhile, the reporter is playing rhyme... Are celebrities your playthings?? Please stay still.
How many episodes are left for Kiss?
You look so young ㄷㄷ
Hey, you two are going to do something else... I see you keep showing your face, it's perfect.
Eyes, nose, lips and chest all tuned ㅠㅠ
As expected, Choi Jin-hyuk's acting is amazing ㄷㄷㄷㄷ
There are so many people who still believe in the Iljin theory. It's not even 2010. How long are you going to live clinging to that era??
Mr. Lee Yi-kyung, please raise your eyes. ㅡㅡ
At this rate, I feel like I can freely expose my genitals...
Singers can use some weed. They can't come out with good songs when they're sober.
You've corrected it so badly... Do you want to become a celebrity after fixing it like that?
head. Who did that?? Strange.
Cheer up, sister!! May the souls of the deceased refrain.
Um...but there are no kids, so when will there be news about divorce?
Min Sang-ah, say goodbye to your brother-in-law.
Lee Hyewon is really pretty. Lee Won is also growing up, so she will have a pretty face when she grows up. Ahn Jeong-hwan and his family look so pretty these days. Be happy♡
People who don't know how much trouble calling a woman like a flower can cause are asking if this is something to apologize for, and I can't help but sigh.
Was there any contract period left?? Or maybe he's in the same league as YG haha.
Being born as a male in our country and living as the head of the household is difficult and has financial responsibilities. These days, you also have to help with childcare and household chores ㅠㅠ
I'm just thankful. Please come back quickly
Looks classy, ​​stubborn, and smart
The more I talk about this style, the less attractive it becomes... ㅜ
Han Hye-jin got a lot of cuts, thanks to her boyfriend... I hope she improves her personality and speech habits at this point and becomes a recognized model.
Kim Yoo-seok is more like an older brother than a father, and Jang Mi-hee is set up as beautifully as a flower, but why is she suffering from dementia?
Do not do it for fun, but do it profitably ~~ Recommended by Seo Jang-hoon
“Surprisingly, Choi’s wife, who is in her 60s, has dementia, and that’s because the wife lives beautifully - -” “It’s not like she’s an alcoholic… I was shocked while watching the drama.”
I remember a family observation show that came out a long time ago when Kim Seong-soo, Hye-bin's mother, and Hye-bin were not even two years old... I enjoyed watching that, so I was shocked when the incident happened.
Why is Yoon Ji-sung so popular? I really voted all the timeㅠㅠ He really has a lot of fans
Kim Je-dong is disgusting. A person like that would laugh at a dog with an annual salary of 700 million. Aren't you ashamed of being a seditionist with 1% rating? 700 million
It must have been hard to confess, but you seem amazing^^
I'm jealous of Hyeonyoung's breasts being sucked and touched.
Han Hye-jin said she wanted to be with Jeon Hyun-moo, but there was no mention of Jeon Hyun-moo. By the way, the KBS target is Kim Je-dong, right?
I guess it was just to promote the album, but let's look at it kindly.
There are people who got caught in great dramas with great acting, but it's okay. If it's like this, I enjoyed it. I watched it sparingly because I was busy watching the baby, but I decided to work hard and not pay attention to the people who criticize me^^ Indeed! I guess I don’t even have time to read comments haha.
Hahaha Oh my gosh, Hyunseok..... Have you still not lost your gangly spirit? lol
Do it in moderation. I made a mistake, but this is not right.
Who is this guy and who is Kim Do-hoon? A soccer player?
I get all the criticism because I'm a celebrity. Other clubs don't do that, so kids, get your bearings...
My heart aches after reading Choi Jeong-hoon's heartfelt post. The many speculative articles are really upsetting. There are many fans who believe and wait like me, so cheer up~^♡^
This guy is gay and has a daughter he's hiding somewhere.
After all, a businessman
The songs of the Zumma era also failed, so who listens to this song?
wise. SNS is actually a form of indulgence rather than communication with the public.
The title is obvious ㅜ
Think about it. If someone next to you told you to kill someone, would you say yes and kill them? They are both responsible. In particular, the person who directly kills will receive greater punishment. is not it?
Goo Hye-sun!! I’m always rooting for you!! Take good care of your babies like you do now. I trust you... stay strong!!
Since he is a father who takes care of children, it is natural for parents to raise children... haha.
The one and only normal whale mother
Goddess Yu~~~~~There were times when she was praised~~~~~It was so boring that it came out~~~~Mianta, please get off~~~I stayed there.
Buying drugs is wrong and you probably know it. I just think about this a lot, but I'm glad I didn't take it. I hope you get through the difficult times ahead.
If this is the case, don’t lament that your life has been ruined by your parents. Isn't that enough time? Is it time to admit your parents’ sins and apologize to the victims? It's your parents' fault that you ended up, but first of all, it's because you yourself are the only ones who can do it.
Is there any evidence that Choi Yul was actually sexually molested just to make his name known???
Honestly, if they were going to give the grand prize to Camellia, they should have given it to Kang Ha-neul. . Does Gong Hyo-jin have acting skills? well? It seems a bit lacking and there is a lot of awkwardness in the tear scenes.
It seems like the man made the decision unilaterally. Yuri doesn't like old men. She will divorce within a week of marriage. If she doesn't divorce, she will risk her life and die.
Because of the senseless Hannyeon who only keeps getting pregnant.
If those three people didn't touch on Moon Jae-in's two presidential elections during the Roh Moo-hyun administration, then they are definitely not close to Moon Jae-in's personnel. Haha. OOO.
Women who suck at younger husbands, please answer.
Grandpa, you have to know how to spend money, so why bother marrying a young girl? Hahahahaha I know the woman is going through a hard time.
Hwang Minhyun You stole my heart today Minhyun... Why is it only you?
Reported as son with rooftop problem
Just watch it as entertainment ㅡㅡ
Please reunite Seol-ah♡Jin-woo, she doesn’t get along with Taerang haha.
He’s a funny looking guy. Are guys like that even celebrities these days?
Are you also a public interest??? Aren’t you some kind of A level???
Who is the person in the middle? Is the soldier even wearing lipstick??
There's a lot of talk about what to do with a man's wallet, but he lives at Galleria Furre, and he owns an apartment in the top 10 in Korea worth over 2 billion won. Even an unknown actor seems to be living well in the house. If you look at the real thing, ordinary people can't show out their business cards. I didn't know much at the time, but thanks to a stormy woman I happened to see, I finally got it. recognized
The interpreter was cute haha. The two had a good time playing with peace of mind.
Seeing as good comments are immediately deleted, I suspect someone's pranks and comments are part-time, so don't pay attention to Hye-sun's comments~^^
Jo Jae-hyun’s children are all the same.
Stop coming out
There is no glorifying the past. Seo Taiji praised him as a genius and gave him a lot of push, but the fact is that the song was so mediocre that it didn't take off.
No matter what the reaction, I think it was done by someone who was interested in Lovelyz, so it would have been nice if they had been patient and patient with that interest until the end. At the same time, I also thought that it was a natural reaction after seeing such an article. Anyway, it is an interesting topic.
Hahaha no, then why don't you cut off ties with your daughter and save her? Hahaha Kimchi girls are really cursing everyone over everything hahaha Kimchi girls are the world's No. 1 expedition prostitutes
Please don't release it back into society!!!!
Except for Don Spike, all the cast members are unlikable so I have no intention of watching it.
Please stay with Sangsangam.. Weekend dramas are always like this ㅠㅜ
???I think the color of my eye makeup has changed.. What has changed?? I think the tone has become a bit lighter..
He has a kind heart... How did he come to this? It looks like he's reflecting, so why should he give it to him? I wish they could finish it like that and send it home.
Be happy too Gujjang
You're good at acting, but to a certain extent, you match the age range of your co-star. It's okay for you to play the younger sister. Also, will you be the first to appear in Miyeon's Auntie Dementia and her ex-husband?
The problem is the Thai local guide who didn't give proper information. The legal team and that girl who looks like Park Ji-yoon did nothing wrong.
Ha Tae-sik is back?
That light seems to come and heal Emma when she is in danger.
Park Bo-young’s Bridge Dance
Naive viewers who are deceived by the main plot and script. Even though they know and feel it well from the outside, they are still immersed in it.
It's a death that I really don't understand why. People who are going to die never die...
What can I do to make money? I'm wasting hundreds of millions on hormones.
Why are Jeon Hyun-moo and Lee Hye-seong so harsh? What is it that you dislike?? Are you talking to your ex without consideration?? It's not a divorce and there doesn't seem to be any problem, but it's all just speculation that Jeon Hyun-moo is being treated like trash...
Wow, you're pretty
Hong Jin-young is much more attractive than Lee Sang-yoon.
Jung Joon-young probably hates you because he’s older...what kind of bullshit are you talking about?
The tears over Yeom Jeong-ah haven't even started yet. If Hye-na is revealed to be her biological daughter in episode 20, you'll be able to handle it~~
Amazing 27 days later
And wearing a bikini is good, but I wish it covered my breasts a little... It's not that I can't wear a bikini because I'm a mother. It's okay to have cleavage, but I don't think I should show more than half of my cleavage in front of my child... Even if I don't have a child, I will at least see it in a photo later.
Shin Dong-yup is such a good actor.
Seo Yu-ri is a waste.
Why do you go to a man's house for the second time? It's not something that should be blamed solely on the man. I hope it's clearly covered...
I'm going in without any hesitation. I'm going in without any hesitation. The Gakseol that came last year didn't die and is here again~~
Honestly, I think it's true that in terms of musicality, it's far behind Big Bang.
There is no female lead in this drama.
As time passes, we will forget that Ahn Jae-hyun and Goo Hye-sun divorced, but it will be remembered for a long time that a woman named Goo Hye-sun had ugly nipples...
When are you going to commit suicide?
Look at the gender ratio haha. Most of the comments are from women in their 30s and 40s. Haha. They always watch makjang dramas and romance dramas between chaebols and commoner women, but when they see a drama like this, empty-headed moms in their 30s and 40s don't understand it.
Who is this lady??
Confirmation of character for helping with tooth extraction dream without having to go to the military. Yes, loss of life.
Jurassic is the best movie of all time. Political and social instigation, forced laughter, screen monopoly, let’s destroy the actor’s soup movie.
Oh my... I guess you couldn't turn a blind eye to it because of your young son... How can you do this... I hope that your child grows up strong with the help of those around him... Jaegeun will live in your heart forever... May he rest in peace. ...
I’m sick of Na Young-seok
It's really pretty.
If you sue for defamation, you will get an answer.
Even if they just did it, they were tainted by Hwang Hana, who has been with them since 15 years. Stop arresting Park Yoo-chun. Wasn't the essence of victory, drugs, collusion between politics and business, and a rotten government?
Look at potential criminals empathizing with their perpetrators haha.
It's so damned. They say they're dating, but there's a lot of talk about this and that. Anyway, the reason they can't date is because they have an inferiority complex.
I feel sorry for Yewon ㅠㅠ
Why are the standards for handsome men in our country gradually declining lol?
