
Song Joong-ki's statement looks like a fox. We'll just have to wait. Why do you only beat women?
I hope everything goes well with Jeon Hyun-moo.
Merge with Winner, stop creating problems for YG. If you keep doing this, a message will be posted to the Blue House asking for an investigation into the relationship between the police and YG.
When I saw the title of the article, I immediately knew that the reporter was a woman.
Before leaving the Bogo couple, I hope you promise to get married and leave~~ If this ends, I will boycott~ There isn't much time.. Is there only 2 or 3 weeks left? Before that, I hope I go to Busan one more time and create a scene to meet my parents and then get married^^
The women's faces don't seem like a burden ㅡㅡ Is it because they had plastic surgery ㅡThey look strange ㅡThis season, there is no natural face like Lee Pil-mo's wife.
I love you Dong-yoon ♡ I look forward to more acting from you in the future haha ​​35 years old, a woman with two children
Oh my gosh, the whole editing... I wouldn't understand if Yoo Young-hyun didn't show up.
The people who support Lee Hyuk are amazing hahaha.
There was a reason why Seo In-young exploded at broadcast writers in the past.
My son, who was born in 2015, does not ride in a stroller.
If the age gap goes away, they will cheer up and be nice to you.
Don't nag me, come to me...come!
There are so many uncomfortable people
You look just like your mom
I'm springing because of these three Moonsik multi-serial types... Of course, Kyung-soo and Seon-ha are meeting again, but they don't plan on getting married, so I'm less heated, but Kyung-soo's mother doesn't respond... And now, since I know that her ex-husband is infertile, the woman who can't act, please leave ㅜㅜ Post the morning daily drama. It's level.
How is it that they started dating after just hugging in front of all their acquaintances... and they even caught the CCTV footage...
He says stop it~~~ T-Ral is also a rich bitch.
An article like this is ranked No. 1 in real-time research. It's not even worthy of news coverage, and it's not even #1 in real-time research.
Haha, is this like YG who signed with Sechskies? I wonder what the ending will be like after joining.
I'm not a Korean actor. Looking at Ma Dong-seok, Yoo Seung-jun should also be allowed to enter the country quickly and have the absurd sanctions lifted so that he can pursue entertainment activities.
Good
So you're saying that you finally released the album by begging?
Even if the husband forgives, the wife can't. I don't care about the husband.
First of all, the seeds must be good and the field must also be good.
The hat is pretty^^ Potato, peek-a-boo, take care of your mom.
? Have you been living together ever since?
Why do I still think of the late Park Yong-ha when I see Eugene?
I think it's time for celebrities to try to get on Sullico's image, washing their image haha.
I'm going to pretend to be okay and the fans are scholar cosplay hahaha
Nancy Lang, hope you meet a good person... I feel sad after seeing the article, so I am leaving a comment for the first time.
Lee Si-eon's fan meeting was a blast haha
Thanks to Bangtan, we will be tied together ^^ But the apology will end with Bangtan, right? The first company to apologize to a war criminal.
It seems like they came out to raise the prices of established singers... I'm not sure if it's an audition or a variety show, I'm not kidding, but the microphones are all caves....
I don't want to see articles like this
As expected, God Yangnyeo....b
Consequences of Monopoly
By the way, when Jang Dong-gun and Go So-young's daughters grow up, female celebrities also make squid.
Those who commit suicide only know how.. Don’t talk nonsense about what was going through his mind..
In a word, it's funny~ Why do you keep biting others?
Why did you touch a man after filming the two of you with agreement? You're crazy, OOO. You should have apologized a long time ago. You're apologizing now and pretending to apologize because of Dongyoung.
I'm being criticized, so please stop~
Haha, the timing overlaps with soccer, so it ranks 1st on Naver. Haha, the comments are a hundred times different from soccer.
I wonder if there was some kind of deal because of NU'EST... Because I can't be active without ㄱㅈㅎ. After Produce, I felt like ㄱㅈㅎ's variety shows were pushed a lot, but maybe it was like compensation.
Lee Joon-gi is a great actor, Lee Si-eon is so funny, and the cameo is no joke. The drama is so fun, but I wish Lee Ji-eun could act better.
Congratulations on the abolition. The answer is to abolish the Crewman Fun Program. Also, harassing idols was a problem and I couldn't understand the crazy behavior of the crew. Congratulations on the beautiful abolition.
I need to get my nose redone...
A man with a face like that and a skin tone like that is almost unfavorable. I wonder if women will like it...
Oh my... Park Hyo-shin said that you should listen to the opposing story for the first time you get a lot of money, but let's see if they apply the standard of a scholar for 600,000 won haha. I hope you experience it too.
Ten years ago, Kim Tae-hee was also criticized to the point of being a little girl with a bad acting background after graduating from Seoul National University. After marrying Rain, she turned into an instant crush case. Until then, there were more antis. Yoon So-hee was also criticized through the same route.
Why are you biting at celebrities? Take care of your own life.
I'm 166 and 57.4. I don't need to diet, but I'll lose more for my health. Everyone looks thinner.
Oh no, do kimchis in their 30s and 40s only watch dramas? Haha. Anyways, it's a joke.
Kyuhyun, who is currently serving in the military, is pinch-hitting... a guy who hasn't even served in the military...? Bring back Kim Heechul!
But what is Ji's harsh words? Haha, he's not Baek Jong-won's level, and he's not in the cooking industry. Haha, he's a famous chef. Many people are under the illusion.
ㅉㅉ What would I do without a father? I'm worried about whether I will be raised properly and be taught my paternal roots and genealogy.
Men who are old enough to be obsessed with Marvel Heroes or Power Rangers seem pathetic.
Ha...Gyeong-ri......
Congratulations^^ Good person. live happily
Do you eat preservatives?...
He said he passed away. My friend's parents are acquaintances of mine, so they are already at the funeral. It's not a misinformation.
I hope mercenaries stop appearing now. What kind of guests do they invite every week?
A bunch of low-level people have come here~ What if Mom comes out? If you don't want to watch it, change another channel. Who asked you to watch it? You even bothered to search the article and leave a comment... Don't make up stories that don't exist and live like that~
They said they were ridiculed locally for lip-singing except for three members of Twice's tour?
Don't write articles like this. You keep writing articles like this. You're the problem, reporter.
Lee Seo-jin seems to think Han Ji-min is really cute.. I hope they get along well.. haha
Dog meat is the best for strengthening bones~!!
In the end, Juvis advertisement
We need to listen to the perspective of the lawyer who is supposed to defend them.
All four people are attractive, but even more attention is focused when Ock Joo-hyun appears...
It's not a false accusation. It's not a false accusation. It looks like Daye stabbed and killed Uncle Kang with a knife.
We can freely ride boats in North Korea. Why can't we even go to Japan? Disaster?
They're playing dirty. Byeongi Yu-cheon is a nobleman.
Isn’t this too much of a witch hunt?
It will be solved with money. also! I think this person has been caught for drunk driving before, right? Or, let's just get him kicked out of the entertainment industry if he gets drunk driving more than twice... There are a lot of people who are good at acting.
Go and live in an island country...
If you see him making such a fuss, you'll think he's the first celebrity to enlist lol. Let's go quietly. All the men in Korea go there, so why make a fuss?
If I wear Krystal’s mourning clothes, I’ll be crazy
I hope your father regains his health after watching the broadcast.
It's all gone by storm‼️‼️‼️
After seeing Goo Hye-sun sucking, do you guys admit that there is nothing wrong with it? What meaning does the truth have in a world where no matter what you say, women are victims and men are perpetrators? I just need to save money, study hard, and prepare for immigration to meet God’s maid.
♨ Shock! In the end, Hana-kyung was right. I didn't see Kang Eunbi like that...
Seeing that both of them are old, they have quite a bit of family background and money.. They pick and choose. As long as this feudal upper and lower culture does not disappear, Korean feudal culture will continue.. It is greatly influenced by parents.
Has the Bedboy plagiarism controversy been resolved??
Why do women hate Yoona so much?
Please don’t end up like a Song-Song couple.
I understand the level of viewers who watch mukbang. They are just very bad villains who will bite the writer and the actor if they don't like them.
I'm so sad when Song Chang's Lee Yu-rina comes out ㅠㅠ
Park Na-rae, that square jaw?? Isn’t this a broadcast accident-level expression?
Can you show it to your future children?
Even news about celebrities’ parents are posted on entertainment news.
Blood came out of the uterus and vagina~~~~~ What about semen?
Comment Why is this so... so pathetic...
Chanel bag was created by Park Hyo-shin.
men and women are equal
Why is he so emotional about everything? lame
Your body is angry? Are you horny? What kind of bullshit are you talking about?
I always support Si-eon~~~Is a warm heart important? What’s more important?
Lee So-ra is so good. Jinsil's daughter Jun-hee is really yellow. It seems like an article like this is unnecessary. It doesn't help anyone ㅡㅡ
ㄴ and drug addict ^^
To be honest, the girl is cool. She has a great mindset.
I know that Yoon Jeong-soo is a good person, but I think I would be a little upset if I were Hyun-jin's parent.
Wow, now they’re letting a kid like this appear on public TVㅡㅡ
It means I swear by my mom. 10 scholars, don’t do this.
Tension and immersion similar to Sky Castle.
Wow, that’s cool, you’re doing great.
It looks like you just exercised a lot, but you look better than skinny thighs.
Among celebrities, there are some who say they are too tight-lipped to talk about themselves, but Ji Suk-jin was not one of them... It is right to protect the privacy of colleagues to a certain extent.
Girls...don't keep getting annoyed while watching Produce 48. And if you're not interested, just don't comment.
Black-haired beauty??? Are you kidding me???? It’s a waste to even call her a witch!!!
I think it's just noise marketing.
The grandmother came out~ I guess I have to find it at the senior citizen center.
I want to see a rich manㅜㅜ
He doesn't lack star potential, but his outstanding speaking voice is very old-fashioned. I came out after double jaw surgery. When I watch broadcasts, I always feel out of place because of my protruding mouth.
Sook-hee Jeong, you idiot, can’t you multitask like that?? Don’t ignore your younger sister, Eun-jeong Jeong.
I am exclusive to this article.
All three families were sad, but the reason they are growing up so well is that the mother's role has doubled in the father's vacancy. At least, there is a father who is half the vacancy, so I believe they will be happy and keep it the way it is. Please stop saying hurtful things about other people's family affairs!!
I did my nose
There's nothing I can't do anymore because of viewer ratings...
In the past, Lee Gyeong-sil, Jeong Seon-hee, and Jo Hye-ryeon were the worst comedians, including Park Mi-sun.
I can no longer watch idols acting.. I wish they could discover more beautiful actors like this and nurture them well.
I'm having fun with Song Eun. There's so much talk and I don't want to cut off everyone else's conversation.
There was an explosive topic and I was the only one who didn't know. Bom reporters, please don't dig up celebrities' uploaded photos and publish them in articles. Also, how do you know whether Song Joong-ki took the photo or an acquaintance took it? Since we went on a trip together, of course Song Joong-ki took the photo.
The face is a bit plain, so I think I'll keep it as a supporting role.
You're beautiful. Take care and take care of yourself. I want to see you again on TV.
I feel sad while watching 60 Minutes of Tracking, but I feel sorry for the people who only watch dramas like this. SBS should give up its drama programming time...the nation's justice is buried because of entertainment--
Who are you? who are your parents? Because of so many surgeries, he doesn't seem to know who he is...
Change the channel right away
Dog-pig netizens don't care what is the truth, what matters is your side and mine. People who attach ideology to food and criticize it are truly pathetic...
If you go to a dermatologist and get a laser treatment on blemishes, they will disappear, man.
If Sulli is dead, she's dead, so arrest Cho Kook and investigate.
Yes, be an academy teacher. Then the juniors will be good. Teacher Yeonjae, they will see the butts and kill two birds with one stone. Show them a lot of butts. Then the juniors will get excited and do better after seeing the butts even more.
As the kids say, it’s just a douchebag style. He sucks this and deifies it. Such pathetic youth...
If you don’t sing well, there will be hateful comments lol.
He just looks like the Joker with his mouth slit every time I see him haha.
I like Yoo Byung-jae~~
There are a lot of narrow-minded people who look down on that guy. Stop being interested in the Korean entertainment industry and live by watching broadcasts from other cultures.
Who is this?
Addition of Jang Do-yeon and Yang Se-hyung, good chemistry, good with Narae
Are there still a lot of people who voluntarily act like President Baek and President Baek?
Even with some cringe-worthy lines, Park Bo-gum and Song Hye-kyo did a good job acting in a simple manner. I like being excited~
Why is it that people are making such a fuss by appearing on TV to try to get pregnant? The person who married an 18-year-younger man is like that, and so is this person. Just keep quiet about that.
Please get off. It's an entertainment show, but I think you're getting emotional.
There has to be a statute of limitations on criminal charges. If you have already acquired New Zealand nationality... You have to get a red notice... There is no way to bring him in... Even if there is a request for a compulsory summons, if you file an objection and appeal to the local court, it will take decades to bring him back... tooth
It's not dirty, it's dirty. Loss of appetite after eating chicken
Poor life ~How did this young and talented guy happen~~~
I just don't like it. It's scary from the beginning.
So-Chu Hannam, I'm dying of envy, haha. Make some rice for Negaebi. Negaebi, you'll starve to death.
It's pretty, so pretty
I think it's because he looks so hateful to women... In fact, I support Jang Shin-young so much, but why do you curse Jeong Gyu-woon? If you don't like them, you throw them away... Do you get statistics on the number of viewers from this program?? LOL.
If you had to pick just one normal person in this drama, would it be Miran?
Song Hye-kyo hates the title of this article
Why does Gangnam seem like a lie?
I love you Jongshin Yoon, let’s always be happy ♥
Temptation was great~ But every time I saw her, she looked like Jung Hoon-hee haha
Is it because she married Oh Sang-jin, who is very gentle, kind to his wife, and earns a lot of money? He has a caring image. Haha. He is also pretty, smart, and gentle, but he gets really criticized by the girls. I feel sorry for him. I wish I hadn't seen the comments... They all have an inferiority complex.
No, why is Park Han-byul being criticized...?
계집새끼덜 젖들젖들 봐라~ㅋ 계집새끼 나이가 저 나이대였으면 상폐되어 임신 불구년인디...ㅋ
Except for BTS and SM.JYP, everyone else will be wiped out.
I've seen many people ruin their lives while trying to help a woman being raped. You're lucky.
Yewon is really pretty. I was surprised that she sang so well. I hope to see you more often on entertainment shows.
Wanna One ㅇㅈㅅ is a manipulated member. I couldn’t understand why they were chosen.
Emperor, please, let’s get rid of Wang Sik!
Ugh.. People who like Yang Joon-il here have something in common: They like Pengsoo and Moon Jae-in.
Celebrities should not be criticized because they are nobles. They should be treated unconditionally and supported, right?
To be honest, Seungri tolerated the crime to make money, while Ji committed it for fun.
Kim Tae-ho also lost his sense of the fact that Yoo Jae-seok was a bubble that was not developed on its own by being placed on the panel, but he used another bubble. Plus, Yoo Jae-seok and Sae-kyung are doing it again with cabbage, which they both think is a good fit, but both of them are just miserable. Cabbage is on the rise, but if you line it up wrong, you will experience a fall.
Whether it's true or not, they're going to make a lot of money ㅡㅡ I didn't see it that way, but I'm really disappointed.
Let's protect IZ*ONE for the male fans at the national level... Why does Lee Na-ra ask to get rid of everything that men like?
Do the kids who support Hyuna have brains? They are doing nothing more or less than harming the company and standing out. I should just get alimony for being fired.
Lee Byung-hun's line is a typical national chauvinist perception of history of American imperialists in the late 19th century. Around the same time, the United States was massacring Indians and wealthy landowners were killing poor immigrants who had moved west.
But Hwang Woo-seul-hye's last name is Hwang Woo? Is there Mr. Hwang Woo?
Little Nomushiki keeps speaking informally to a woman who is about his mother's age?
Lim Hyun-joo seems to be naturally her own style.
Kim Soo-chan, here we go~~
The hair is still the same lol.
Crush Manager prepared a gift for his parents and he seemed to have a really good personality~ The manager and I are really like family and friends^^ We are good to each other... I hope we will be together for the rest of our lives as the manager said~^^
Oh my, I feel sorry for Jinah Kim.
Han Go-eun suited God Park Jun-hyung better than her current husband.
Donate and live like the donation angel Psy. You pigs and dogs, you bug-like people who can't help even the less fortunate, who are you blaming?
T.O.P. is clearly a criminal and I don't like him, but he's writing another article about something I told him not to publish separately. It seems like the reporter is always the one who stirs up controversy. He's like a sociopath who throws things at the public for rip-offs.
Why do you set fire to a well-off family? You are such a bad person. Why do you live like this?? Furthermore, at what age is this kid who has learned as much as he has learned? Why is he like this?
? Popular actor?
Baek Jong-won's special feature on women who say he looks too much like an old man - they don't even think about the fact that he's an old lady who's over 30 years old haha.
The Japanese Rising Sun Flag is not a war crimes flag. Let’s get out of our inferiority complex and judge with common sense.
I think he will grow up to be a very good manager.
It's funny! Hey!!! This is just like Introduction to Architecture. 40s. Actors who eat appear on a movie theme.
Since no crimes have been revealed yet, of course he should enlist.
Jo Otto, a guy who didn't have anything, now that he has something, he becomes a scoundrel. OOO A scoundrel.
It's just pretty...
But it was fixed very nicely.
There is no place for you in martial arts. Don’t overlook it.
They're so cute~ There's nothing better to do~ You hyenas that run around like dogs and bite you until they die~
Why on earth is Jung So-min a waste? ㅜㅜ
Since it's not popular, there won't be any discord.
Even though articles like this are floating around, those who believe in conspiracy theories only believe provocative things like sex slavery. They really seem like a bunch of idiots.
I'm the only one!! I haven't seen it!!
Writer, are you looking at this??? This is public opinion... Please reflect this public opinion.
Dear Marvel fans, please stop criticizing the audience for not liking the show to your tastes. They are Marvel ambassadors and marketing staff. They have different likes and dislikes for any movie due to their personal tastes. Not even kids.
Is it because they want to make it public? They do it because reporters are digging around and publishing articles with exclusive titles. The reporter caused it, the reporter instigated it, and the reporter is worried.
The viewership ratings are huge. Jinhyuk is so cute and sweet. Just looking at Park Bogum's warm and excited eyes makes me really excited.
Anyway, pigs and dogs only see things with their eyes.
Since I'm ugly, I should at least wear dirty clothes and show off my dirty skin, but I hate it so much.
Since the ratings go up just because the ladies watch Hyun Bin, shit dramas like this keep coming out haha. Isn’t that right, ajummas?
If you don't know, it could happen. You're so sensitiveㅡㅡ
Still, he didn't back down until the end and admitted it...it's better than other trash~
It seems like the only thing men have is an army of men who are better than them.
Baek Jong-won has a lot of money.
who? CNBLUE? Is there a conman named Yonghwa Jung?
It's so boring!
Just abolish it. The program has been running for a long time. I am tired of observational entertainment. Look at the casting already. What is the reason for casting a person who is connected to criminals? Writers, reflect on yourself and stop acting haphazardly.
She was famous as a goddess during her school days.
Fuha! I don't know who it is, but I'm commenting because the title of the article is so ridiculous. If you date and then break up, you all remain good seniors and juniors... Does this make sense? And what's more, it's a broken engagement! Senior and junior... Just write that you decided to go your separate ways~~
I was very reluctant to get married in the U.S., but if I went to Hannam, I thought I was being ripped off for my troubles. Gummiya.
But Kim Ji-seok is not the Jjambap that will appear.
Intern reporter Oh Jin-young made a mistake.
Baek Ji-young seems to be having a hard time...
The photo looks like Suzy, she’s pretty~
Your thoughts are correct, and you want to advocate your theory to people and change society... Why don't you do volunteer work instead of trying to change with words? You seem to have a lot of time, but that seems more persuasive.
Please tie your hair~~
Lee Chae-eun, come to your senses. There's a reason why men rush around like that. Have you ever thought about why you couldn't get married at that age? And Oh, I heard you're type AB,,,, I ignored your blood type and then you see the blood.
My eldest daughter and son-in-law's daughter, Park Jeong-su and Joo-hyeon, are the most fun. Still, it's hard to see the chairman's young wife coming out and cursing at him for acting like a fox. Are Park Jeong-soo’s mean deeds over? It's a shame.
You make a living by being an idol with this face haha.
Ji-won, who has lost weight, is only able to see it in the eyes of good people. I don't even know
What does it matter if you say you'll fix it with your own money? Don't leave hateful comments. What's your personality? Are you a devil?
A nose bridge with chalk in it...
I guess all the kids in Koreatown have gone.
ㅅI guess the compatibility wasn’t right.
What a beautiful couple. I'm curious about the next story, whether they became sinners by having a son or a proud husband by giving birth to a daughter.
It's so pretty. I wish I could see it on TV more often.
Kim Jong-kook, are you living with that petty guy? Because it's a TV show, they're putting it in a good light. Really, she's going to be tired. All she looks like is a mosquito-like traitor and a backache. Haha.
She's pretty, fresh, and graduated from Seoul National University, so Jeon Hyun-moo is the best bride for her.
Acting and thinking keep coming back to me.
Congratulations on your return, brother!
What a goddamn idiot! lol
Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable mentioning sexuality?
It's nice to see these two. From now on, if you kiss, you'll be a pig.
If you look at it, she's the vice president's secret daughter... That's why I went while my wife was waiting.
Young youth~~Please live with that strength~~Don't be weak. If you live, there will be more hardships. Let's just ignore the looks and malicious comments around you and live. Me too. You too~~
Is the happiness I feel as a mother the greatest joy I can enjoy from being born as a woman? There are people who don't think that's their standard. They act too know-it-all.
Jihye Han is cute
Even though SM is pushing me so hard, I'm going to cry because I can't follow Suzy's toes.
You went to Jeju Island with After School members before enlisting, right?? Did you get hurt during the performance??
Where does a woman get a tattoo on her arm?
The Liberty Korea Party will continue to criticize the celebrities it dislikes. Who is next after Kim Je-dong, Kim Gun-mo, and Yoo Jae-seok?
Lim Hyun-joo It's so sad to see her splitting threads and wagging her tail in front of a man. It's not a laughing matter, but she goes out of her way to bewitch a man.
It's better ㅠ Seong-eun, please do more activities.
It would be really great if the impeachment began by connecting to the Democratic Party's senior leaders and then to Lim Jong-seok and Moon Jae-ang. It is my wish and hope to impeach the president.
What about shoes?!!! I need to lose weight and have surgery.
It's a world of flower snakes. Do you think things will calm down only if the regime changes???
An unlikable girl who is not worthy of her age...ㅉㅉ
Have a nice trip, fighting
“If everyone who reads the post clicks recommend, 2019 will be a hit and the whole family will live a long life. However, if you just leave after seeing it or click the button, one of your family members will get cancer or get a serious illness and 2019 will be unhappy.” “I warned you.” "
I watch dramas because of Namgoong Min.
As expected, Jo Boa~~!! As expected, one’s mind is the best!!
Taehwan Yak. . It has already been erased from my mind.
Go back to Australia...then you're a foreigner...it's hard to stay here...you'll have to get a job or go to the military...
I really like Kim Young-kwang, but he's so handsome and perfect that I think it would be burdensome to date him. Women definitely don't dislike handsome men, but I have absolutely no intention of meeting them seriously. Not only me, but my friends around Jeju also do that.
Go Hyun-jung’s charisma is so pretty
Is it fun?
Ji-min Han, please change your coordination. What's wrong with your pants in the scene where you're looking for your mom? ㅠ.ㅠ
I've known this guy since he was in trouble!!!
Old ladies are bad
I can't concentrate because I'm in my 40s... Please cast someone in their early 20s ㅠㅜㅠㅜ
I just thought that Jeolla-do people were sensitive and made that remark in Busan, so I just laughed it off.
Please don't be such a slut. You do it on your own body because you want to, so what does that have to do with it? Hayu, really ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's frustrating. If I post just one picture on my personal SNS, they attack me like a pack of dogs ㅠㅠ
It suits you well! Please work hard to train younger students~
Hong Jin-young is doing much better~ I’m so disappointed this time
Can you say that even after seeing him face to face? OOO, just stay quiet, you scumbags, why are you making so much noise when you say you won't be coming back?
It's really cool that there are so many morally perfect saints in this country, no, on Naver~~~~
Who is listening to me?
I know that she has a nice body even without looking at those photos, but she looks more attractive when she hides it. It seems like she's showing off because she's showing off. It doesn't give me a good image. Unlike other girls, I liked her because she was intelligent and an interpreter, but the image of her showing off her body is breaking.
Wow, I don't even want to imagine what it would be like if my parents passed away suddenly, but I can't help but wonder if they die... I'm going to die anyway.
Sudden emotional agitation is a method often used by cult leaders. There is no absolute happiness or unhappiness. It's refreshing to see new sides, but be careful of people like Lee Sang-yoon and Jeon.
As for the remaining members, except for one person, hahahahaha, one of them is working at university, and one is begging for a luxury watch, right? Hahaha CNBLUE is just.. mang tech hahaha.
Your father was Yeomra unnie haha
I can't believe it will be #1. It's uneasy for a Japanese idol to become a Japanese idol in Korea.
Now it's all over the place haha
That’s it,,,Our Daniel oppa won first place on terrestrial Mu Bang today❤️ Congratulations so much, Danyeon, let’s only walk on the flower path for the rest of our lives.
Cha Woo-chan’s face
There really isn't a drama with Park Bo-gum ㅡㅡ No matter how much of a preservative it is ㅠㅠ If you're a married woman, act accordingly.
I didn't watch Seongwoo Lee because it wasn't funny, but I enjoyed it because he came out lol.
Han Eun-jeong started out as a villain who harassed Jang Na-ra during the success of Cheerful Girl. It was a bit awkward at the time, but it's nice to see.
Study~ Don’t act like you’re doing something else~
Jo In-seong is being torn apart by the movie right now. Just film a melodrama and do an advertisement.
Kim Sang-kyo, the sexual harasser, you can’t do that after drinking.
Who is T-ara’s Soyeon..? I remember Jiyeon, Hyomin, Jeon Young-rok's daughter, and Ham Eun-jung?
I thought the photo on the left was of a local woman, but the photo on the right showed her old appearance and I was surprised.
Before I write that it’s bad news, what about divorce?
Working at a cooking shop worth 20 million won and eating out at a meat restaurant... I do a lot of different things haha. Are you getting sicker due to attention disease? Anyway, I'm glad you're healthy... haha.
Sejeong Kim's face doesn't look like her old days. Did she get plastic surgery? The same goes for delays! He looked older... but his original face was much...
Looking at the wrinkles around their eyes, they are a match made in heaven... Even their handicap is the same...
Good, good, good, Cha Tae-hyun.
Is this Salpuri from a shaman’s house? Is this Salpuri from a Christian house? A video of Park Bo-gum exorcising the ghosts of the heretical church he attends https://youtu.be/4mwsKWUm3WY Even if Hyori's Bed and Breakfast 2 becomes a huge hit, people who believe in heretical religions should not be left alone.
Jang Na-ra is pretty, but something doesn't appeal to me and she looks strange.
This is why women shouldn't have sex with each other... jealousy... now it's a fucking thing... if you decide to take it with you, I'll let you live well...
It's a shame that he has a weak heart.
A man needs to be tall, have good skin, be rich, be capable, and have a personality as long as he is not a psychopath or sociopath.
I'm going to quit Naver starting today. It doesn't even seem like an article..
But honestly, it doesn't look nice.
From the beginning, Kim Yong-ho was a guy who made nonsense and said that <Parasite> was also a product of pro-North Korea leftists, so I believed him and filtered him out.
Marriage is with a man like Albe...
The casting of Lee Sung-kyung is a bit disappointing.
Looking at why Hollywood stars have the word ‘world’ attached to them, I can understand why they don’t think about their own image.
Ah~~~ Testimonial haha ​​The expression of hugging from behind!!
Drama writers seem to be copying each other. Why is the plot and ending so cliché and obvious?
Simon D Jota~
Empress Sohyeon? She is alive and is Princess Ari's biological mother, and Yoon So-yi is taking revenge on her friend's behalf. I think it is foreshadowing that her face is not shown when the body is disposed of.
It's a pity that one person's life ends like this.
No haha ​​what can I say... it's not the exposure that's the problem, but the design... please add ears... can't game characters wear clothes like that? They fight, but who fights wearing clothes like that?
Sulli is the best. Do whatever you want. I like that look, you are confident. You will be even prettier in the future.
I'm just rooting for you
Really.. pathetic.. If I had posted a picture of myself in Japan before at this point.. I would have been ridiculed.. Mojiri is not a worse person.
Yuk Jung-wan pretended to be a good person but was disappointed.
I didn't really understand someone's opinion, but after reading this article, it makes sense. Still, it seems like Park Hae-mi is trying to protect her because he is her husband. Aren’t you saying that when you say she was a beloved student, Hae-mi?
Why do I want Lee Hyuk and Lee Elijah to do well? ㅜㅜ Perhaps because I always know that things will fail in the end, when I watch dramas, I feel sorry for the villain and root for him. ㅜㅜ
Your parents may have made a hundred mistakes, but does that mean you have to become emaciated and lose weight? Drinking coffee is not such a deadly sin that we have to go this far?
I like Hyekyo
But is there a need to delete everything that has already been filmed? Sin is sin and art is art... I guess it's okay to pay for the sin...
I gained too much weight
The face and heart are pretty. Even the name is pretty♡
No, Yoo Yeon-seok's MC is so bad ㅠㅠ My pronunciation keeps getting muffled... It's frustrating and I can't flow like water like Kim Hye-soo.
They match so well ㅅㅅ ㅅㅅㅅ One of them is in a video that everyone in the country knows, and the other is getting hitched and partying at a club haha. Never break up.
Still, you know how to feel ashamed of guilt. Song Hye-kyo's side still shamelessly insists that it is not tax evasion.
Anyway, without Kang Sunghoon, Sechs Kies will lose their color... I think they should be a team other than Sechs Kies.
You shouldn't be sick ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ You've been working so hard lately ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
The reporter's personality is trash. Kim Seong intentionally wrote an article to make people dislike him. These malicious reporters are entertainment reporters, so it must be very difficult for celebrities.
What would it have been like if the male lead was Lee Jung-jae?
Ahn Jae-hyun's comment section is so cool haha. As expected, there is nothing logical like saying that he must have an agency, and they only say things like Ku Hye-sun's idiot. The comment section is going crazy~~~~~~
Umm... Isom is pretty too... but I thought spring had come only after the flowers withered... I miss you, Kim Go-eun...
As expected, the drama is fun from episodes 1 to 6 and 8. From then on... Wow! Anyway, good dramas and successful dramas were perfect and fun until the end.
It would be nice to live with a bare-headed bitch like that because she's pretty for a moment, but that's the end.
Ji-min Han It's a pity... You don't know the truth... The truth is not in Buddhism, but in Jesus.
I am a girl and I am against breast milk soap. More than anything, I hate the commercialization of women's milk. Why do women's bodies always have to be commercialized? I hope Lee Si-young unni also reflects on this.
Kim Jaejoong is so cool ㄷ ㄷ
Is it because she didn't use birth control due to marriage fraud that she had a baby, or is it because if a woman gets pregnant, it ruins her life? They say it's a child's death and they don't want to pay child support, so use birth control or take responsibility if you have a child.
Jo Bo-ah looks sleepy in the alley restaurant. She's sleepy, but she seems to be trying desperately to hold back. She's trying to look natural so she doesn't look sleepy, but she looks sleepy.
Lee Seung-gi dies at the end.
Do you eat it all and run away?
The monopoly on theaters was so harsh that I ended up not seeing it because I was so disgusted with it.
The drama is halfway through, so it's better to take responsibility and see it through to the end. You might want to hide during this, so why not come out and film the drama? I'm not a fan.
Never buy anything.
I took it off to make money
It's much more fun than golden light...
Ugh... It's not plagiarism, so don't push me around. Those witch hunts are from the Runners... I'll hear people say I cleverly avoided it, and then call it a scam... I'll delete the comment if it becomes widely known that it's not plagiarism.
Oh, it's pretty? He looks different haha. You can already tell from his appearance.
Who is this person, a celebrity??
Haha, women are flocking here again and even women are starting haha. Real science is not wrong.
I like how they handle things like a knife. Having people like that around only makes the people around them tired.
Reporter Seung-Rok Lee seems like a pervert. What are you doing by bringing bikini photos of ordinary people?
Please don't commit suicide...
Park Myung-soo, please get rid of him. It's obvious right away that he really doesn't want to do broadcasting. He ate for nothing and fell asleep.
Usually in cases like that, people don't get married because they're infertile, but one party avoids them because they feel sorry.
Wow, Nambora is so freaking pretty.
I think it would be a big hit if I debuted as an AV actor in Japan haha ​​Debuting as a singer isn't that bad...
Why Vibe? Park Kyung, why are you being so careless? You were polite in Problematic Men.
The comments are so good. They all say I’m good because I’m holy~
It doesn't seem like it's all about Produce 1 and 2, but there was a lot of controversy because the on-set and broadcast responses were so different.
I don't know why I call them hateful. Whether they are making a fuss or acting in a hateful way, they are not causing any harm, so why are they getting upset... !!! Isn't it possible to leave comments and pictures like this on personal SNS...
Jo Bo-ah's expression is just cute.
If you marry a man, it will only be a tragedy!!!!!!
It must have already been tattered, right?
If you live only with money, is that life? This is a life that smells nothing but money.
Go Joo-won's expressive skills are poor, but his sincerity is the deepest. If the actor acts well, he will do well. Since he is sincere, I can really feel his carefulness and consideration~~
Respect cube choice
Why is it difficult to find a place to screen Herstory? Other Hollywood movies seem to have a lot of screening theaters and long screening dates, but Herstory has already been canceled. I want to see it.
Let’s work on the mountain. If you do that, what happens to Rhymer, who apologized on your behalf?
Life is like Hong Sang-soo
Damn, there are all kinds of reasons why I can't get married because I'm so old.
Yeo Jin-goo's Frankenstein...a real immersion disrupter. IU just lives alone.
Looking at Hye-na as a man, it seems like abortion for unwed mothers is necessary. Although she grew up being loved by her mother, in the end she is filled with revenge and resentment toward her father, whose existence she does not even know exists. What is Hye-na’s father guilty of? Entertainment issues between the two parties are only a matter for the parties concerned, but at least the pregnancy should have been notified.
This week's cool-headed fun. It feels like everything was just cobbled together as if there was no material.
I'm sure the legal system will not be abolished... How difficult it is to see entertainment shows that I enjoyed watching being abolished one by one...
I don't understand why KBS gave the grand prize to Lee Young-ja. Hello, the sight-reading rate is not that good, so why give Lee Dong-gook instead!
I like this drama the best I've ever seen. It's a waste of money. It's not even 1% realistic.
Rather than eating one meal a day, it seems better for your health to eat only breakfast and lunch and keep an empty stomach for dinner.
If the man was injured that much, how much more injured would Goo Hara be? Are you making fun of a man who says he has never hit a woman? no way?
There are so many twisted people ㅡㅡ It's not like I was in an accident, but I wonder if they want to do that to a sick person.. Stop being a reporter now.
The legendary IU also lost her voice during Yoo Hee-yeol's time.
I believe in dramas and filter them out. Since I am not interested in articles, Gaiber gets paid to write articles on Unplay and writes articles that the public wants to see. How come there is no article worth reading?
As a woman, even from my perspective, MeToo has degenerated. Even to me, it seems like an affair and not MeToo.
Jinyoung, let’s go to Wonder Girls reunion
Honestly, isn’t Kim Byeong-ok a pitiful case? Don’t listen to MC Mong’s songs, you guys.
I'm rooting for Song Joong-ki~ Watch the show today♡ Arthdal ​​Chronicles is fun~♡ I wouldn't have done it if I hadn't seen it~
Kang Kyeong-heon, come out~ Yeonsu hasn’t come out and I don’t feel like living.
In the end, it's you guys who end up killing men... I wonder if there are any women these days who keep their chastity and go all-in on one man... In a world of one-night stands... Women, you're fucking Adarashi when you're with your husband haha.
Is this the Ja-Korean Party’s work again? LOL
Overlapping with someone who spent billions on injections for youth and is in prison.
Seolhyun, Min Hyo-rin, and Han Hye-jin are pitiful.
I hate baldness ㅡㅡ
Suzy is so pretty
Wow, there are a lot of angry people out there. If they can't reach an agreement when their car breaks down 3 times, are they going to order the salesperson to go all the way to Hongcheon to buy meat? What on earth are these brain-dead people asking about abuse?
Lee Da-hae, why is it so funny lol?
Is going to the War Memorial of Korea a trend now?
You have tens of billions of assets, so if you want to rest, you can rest. They have to work while taking medication for depression.
The congratulatory song is Kim Ji-min
It'll be okay, MC Mong's songs were always good...
It's just fun, but everyone's comments are negative.
Write Stan Lee. Unless they're going to add a Martin to the back.
Aren’t they recruiting in advance???
For all the kids who are crazy about dogs and cats, there are no normal kids.
If you don't pay Dutch, just eat the kimchi bitch with the size of a fried egg and throw it away... It's 100% Mega Womad.
Looks like Mina from the Philip couple...Mini Me Mina
It's not fun at all...the story has gone completely astray.
I hope it ends quickly. It’s even less interesting than the last doll house. The acting is also good.
The president's speech was a disaster.
This happens not only to celebrities but also to ordinary people and models who think they're pretty, and they usually end up blocking it. I let that happen 4 times and got angry...
The Liberty Korea Party is the main character.
who are you
Yeah, it's too much....
If an in-house manager lives, he may be able to handle things a bit. That's a normal society.
It's time for love's crash landing, but there's a strange and boring drama going on - Where are you? Pyo Chi-su~~~~~
The photo at the top looks like Aoi Tsukasa.
Love, don’t worry, I will marry you even if you become disabled and in a wheelchair.
Let's be honest, is Ahn Jae-hong more handsome now that he's lost weight, or is he better off before when he was fat??
Since ancient times, a woman has to have C-cup breasts, wide pelvis, and white and happy appearance around the age of 25 to give birth to a smart and healthy baby.
I don't know who they both are, but they have no interest in Japanese entertainment at all.
I know Simon D is married, but why do I live alone? I can't reveal my house because I have a wife, but a friend's house?
I just had to sing. Watching the documentary is neither fun nor moving. I don't know if fans who like it will like it. It was completely boring.
Become a bastard
I want to hit the monk who is walking around and playing the moktak.
Now there are two. Let's just have the third
Is it true that Yein saw the malicious comment and cursed? At that time, the member went to a convenience store and came into a quiet room during the V app and swore, so it could have been towards the manager or someone else in his daily life. In fact, they are just a girl group that cursed.
Don't grab SM's hair, which was standing still. Everyone's mad right now because they didn't unplay ㅅ1b.
Wow~~Why~~I’m 12 times more handsome than Seonggwang..Why don’t I look good?
Is the groom framed? They say I ate well, 4 meals a day... That's why I didn't lose weight ㅜㅜ
You can do it~~ But...don't get caught!!! You are public property. ...I hate the person who secretly revealed the CCTV without being caught.
I think 99% of the people who felt uncomfortable were mega-thumping bitches haha.
I understand that you don't want this person to have an easy time because their parents committed such a big sin, but isn't everyone telling us to do things in moderation and not take a breath?
Why does Kim Soo-hyun seem to be taking so long?? Looks like Lee Min-ho is coming out quickly.
If you had the same face, you would have become a huge success, but you look too strong as a woman...
If you look at the gender of the malicious commenters being punished, all of them are male lol. Why are they doing this? Han guys, just look around haha. Don’t reveal the boring and inferior stuff to someone else.
Kimchi bitches are the problem
No matter how much money you have, if you're ugly, it's sad ㅠㅠㅠ
why? Are you uncomfortable because celebrities who make a lot of money raise multiple children with ease?? Then you should have worked hard and made good money. Instead of just blaming the government or society, you should consider how far you have tried.
The music studio that stole personal information should also apologize to the public. That wouldn't be fair. What they did was a mistake~~ So... anyway, crazy...
Kimchi girl. This is weight that a Korean girl can never have.
Would you want to go camping while breathing in fine dust?
Let’s not ask middle school graduates to be goodwill ambassadors.
You’re married.. I like a woman with such foolishness.
It's so sad that this child died from illness, but is there a reason for this child to be on the main page for this long?
What is really lacking? I am amazed every time I see it. My role model, Ahn Hyeon-mo.
Two hundred or three hundred? Isn't that too much? Even two or three hundred million won't be enough!
I'm picking on women for the sake of it. I didn't suit Mina because she was too much, but even though I make excuses, I'm too busyㆍ being a bore ~~ I'm just a pretentious person trying to find a woman of my level.
This lady, what kind of bastard are you when you tell me to just meet someone else and get married?
The entire creation of heaven and earth is mentioned in the Bible, but since you died without accepting Jesus, you will only suffer eternal suffering in hell. You will feel in hell that it was a useless science.
It seems like all three birds are honorable!! Lee Se-young and Park Se-young are good
I can't imagine that Beckham would have been better off with Victoria Beckham, who gave birth to such a daughter. A world without the youngest daughter would be so cute..
The four major vocalists of my heart, Park Jung-hyun, Lynn, Baek Ji-young... Yoon Mirae~
Is Shin Seong-rok the main character? LOL
Honestly, if you were like a reporter, if you asked me to marry Lee Guk-joo, would you be able to do it? If I told you that I would give you 1 billion won for a house there, wouldn't you know it?
Are you going to be smart if you get released? Just come out and die.
It's worth noting that I haven't seen it since last week. If I just look for Moonsik's scenes, I'll be satisfied. lol
If I can invest in a celebrity, I'm all in on Seho.
Young-ae, your skin is fair~~ pretty~~☆~
People are not rewritten...their personality and nature do not change...
Please use your part-time comment part-time job.
Premarital pregnancy is not a bad thing these days. It's a coma. In fact, parents-in-law these days say that their children are infertile as they get older and get married, so they prefer it to the Dink family.
Are there only hidden cameras for men, women, and relationships? As I understand it, hidden cameras are still commonly used on broadcasts. Hidden cameras are used to deceive others and bring out interesting things. Since when are hidden cameras used only in a bad way???
The reason women of childbearing age are obsessed with dieting is to let men know that they are not pregnant. Because no man would seduce a pregnant woman.
Park Bo-gum is handsome - agree vs. BTS V is handsome - unflattering
It's pretty so it's not guilty
Zia resembles Song Jong-guk like a bungeoppang. She has a good personality. Looking at her pretty face, I can't help but think she's a celebrity. I'm glad she doesn't resemble her ugly mother‼️‼️
What's going on with my hand again? I think I'll become a fan lady soon.
The only way for Youngjae and Junyoung to connect is for Junyoung to become trash... Just connect with Se-eun and go their separate ways..
Gaetizens are writing novels again. The scandal involving Kim Gwang-seok's wife ended in acquittal.
Rather than maintaining it, they don't give it to you. Do you want to write because you like your spouse? Divorce him and say it's his first birthday, but he's excited to go around, so why is the person who got hurt coolly letting him go? There's no reason for that.
Things that criticize Park Bom's face. Even though her current appearance looks unnatural due to a lot of plastic surgery, if you look at her photos from Anycall, she is tens of thousands of times prettier than you... So please don't criticize her. People who hate her will end up looking like Nawon.
Is this a local dance team??
Stop now. Are there too many articles?
What do you mean, you are alone!! Then keep it to yourself.
He's flirting hahahaha but who is he?
The female perpetrators of the gas outing must also come out to keep their mouths shut. I really can’t stand it.
I guess he and IU both have something strange about older men Ewwww
I can't admit to misjudgment except for the game against Spain haha. They are so petty that they don't admit that they used their dirty hands...
Are you that interested in other people's lives? It's a problem that can happen to young people. Just leave it alone.
I look like Hyun Bin haha
Who is Oh Hyeop? He is a person who has no real identity. Jeong So-young appeared from a dive and is acting like she is pretty. All the golden women are really ugly. So-and-so’s daughter is so pretty.
Exercise that makes you look classy while making money... What's funny is that a lot of slim, rich celebrities do it... Why isn't there a female pilates actor who is fat? Haha, it's the perfect exercise to show off.
Ji Chang-wook is a little off~
It's nice to see that you're happily married.
Hong Yu-ra, Hong Hwa-young, and Moon Secretary, please get these three people out of the drama, I can't concentrate on the drama!!!!!!!!
I'm trying really hard. I'm just dating with confidence. What kind of crap is that?
It's a live-action version of Duel haha.
I've been watching the manager on TV for a while now, and he looks kind of cute. He's a boy, so he doesn't look like he can drive, so I think he's drowsy driving.
Our Gain is very popular~
Mr. and Mrs. of the kimbap restaurant........ Express your affection after going home ㅡㅡ
This guy basically doesn't have the qualities to be a spouse. Why is there so much controversy for a rookie? Just quit being an actor and live as an ordinary person.
The babies are all equally pretty lol.
I'll stop talking about the old gossip here.
Things like bugs...
For Roy Kim’s sake, Jung Joon-young and Roy Kim turn into dust and the video should be deleted as well. It’s a bad thing ㅠㅠ
Well, anyway, the collapse of the Ansi Castle seems like a fun movie.
A leader must be serious.
It seems to fit perfectly with the role in the play...!!! I'm willing to watch the next episode too
Shouldn't we praise the rookie for singing calmly until the end even when he was nervous and made a mistake? Why am I so anxious to catch people?
I guess it's Shincheonji.
Do you think of the people as dogs and pigs? PSY I'm disappointed. I really want to hear why it is being pushed forward.
Are all the kids who leave malicious comments losers?
Great Show was more fun
Suzy is acting well today
It seems like it's right for good-looking guys to go around fucking all 99 women. Honestly, I'm jealous. It's hard for me to get that much money even if I pay them.
They are like lowly things
Heartfelt congratulations to Bodhisattva
If you gave birth to a child, of course you are an ajumma. What about the child's mother?...
Han Go-eun's father borrowed money from others and ran away to the United States, ruining his family. There's no way Han Go-eun's family will do well. The first thing her father did was go to the wrong place and apologize.
love is innocent
I was a fan of the goddess beauty when Pieran came out. ~~ I always support you ~~ I hope you are happy.
Wow, Park Eun-hye also got divorced..
The person who took the photo was at fault, but the person who took the photo was also at fault. Ugh
A woman without much of a career comes from a big family and is called a director, so you don't know how scary the world is??? I haven't been on Instagram, but it must be obvious, and it must be full of all kinds of pretentiousness.
designer? What kind of nonsense... I designed it and installed it...? Who designed what was done at the broadcasting station and how? Reporter, stop playing with words... It's disgusting. Your articles like this...
Even though I'm a celebrity who wears only one set of clothes and lives in a narrow house, I can't live much better than the average person.
What kind of survival is this.. I keep eating in the middle haha.
I'm really close to 50, so it's amazing to have that level of beauty~~~
I only watched part 2 because part 1 was eye-watering. It was so funny haha.
Wow... Of course I couldn't ignore Dad, but I liked Boram the most in T-ara.
pretty. Even divorced women are welcome
What are you doing all this time? Why are you doing that now?
Wow, isn’t it fun just to look at the capture?
I know this drama is a flop, but it ended today.
I enjoyed today’s broadcast the most.
People who leave malicious comments are bad too. There are so many people who say I like it and think it's lovely, so why would I get hurt by being picked on by those few haters? Well... actually. Since I am not a celebrity, such attacks would have been more difficult.
A well-constructed situational drama...
The guy who messed with Tyson’s wife.. he’s really amazing haha.
He's handsome, but he looks like a girl, so women don't really like him. How can you want to date someone who is prettier than you? There are good-looking women around me, but I don't like them.
fraud? By the way, there was a rumor that Lee Hee-jin was a contract killer like her parents.
Go away you bitch.
I think Kim Yohan is worse than Kim Minkyu, right? He has a better face than Kim Min-gyu, but Kim Yo-han being number 1 is a no-brainer and I don't understand why they are picking him.
Are you doing this at age 50?
When I lived in Suwon, I was one year my senior in high school. Back then and now, he was a junior with a good personality, a good laugh, and a great singer. Jang Yun-jung, who has nothing to lose, just walk on the flowery path from now on~~!!
I don't want to see Jeon Hyun-moo. Also, what am I going to say when I come out and say I live alone? I'm probably going to act humble because I'm really happy on the inside.
When I see your face, I get cold-blooded.
Damn~ I can't see Danilova coming out because of this guy...ㅡㅡ
I will never hang out with Brad Pitt @.@
The ladies bit you and got angry because you caught a female celebrity. Stop pretending and go to sleep. You look ugly with your face. Take care of that face. The police will take care of the investigation. Also, ladies, if you sleep now, your skin will get hurt, so I'm going to pack it up. ~~
It's really not that big of a deal, but I don't know why they're making such a big deal out of it. The main character's seat is in the center. Why is it always in the center? Did you put your name on the seat? Now, let's put down the rookies who are trying to rise up. Stop... everyone is childish.
Who are you?
From what I saw, it seemed like work had been done. The casino itself may not have been illegal, but it seems like Suga, knowing that he was going to lose money, would tickle his ass to make him borrow money, and then give him a ponytail from the place he borrowed the money from.
I solved the annoyance caused by Lee Hyeon by watching Park Ga-won, but why are you saying this?
I can clearly see that this old woman is trying to get a lot of divorce alimony in the future.. hahahaha. Since her husband earns well, it's just perfect for making a living.. She's not popular, she's too old, and she doesn't even have a good face.. How on earth could this old lady be so good at seducing a young man? Haha what the hell
Even if you get married... leave your wife at home... don't stay out just because you have a photo shoot... I don't want to congratulate you...
Who's going to complain that it's disappointing that someone has already verified it? And who cares???
Of course, he is attractive, but he used his brains well from the start. He wants a serious meeting with women on the premise of marriage. What kind of woman wouldn't like her when she grits her teeth? Other men who show up without much thought or planning are not good at the game from the beginning.
I'm really disappointed in Goo Hye-sun, even though she's a woman. In the end, she couldn't even refute what Jae-hyun Ahn said, and just used provocative words that can't be proven as facts.
So who is it? Aren’t men celebrities?
★If Jung Yong-hwa’s oppa is a sinner, Kim Yu-na and Park Ji-sung are also sinners. Have a good time in the military, brother.
It’s really cool ㄷ ㄷ
Shouldn’t Kang Dong-ju also appear?
Why are you brushing someone else's teeth? Even your own brother doesn't do that to a strong man. It's disgusting like a gay.
To be honest, it looks like there is not much response in China due to external pressure. In reality, Chinese people only talk about Bob's sister. Jung Hae-in did a good job!! Jung Haein is rising as a star of the Korean Wave. Korea's male No. 1 Jung Haein I love you Jung Haein!!
I don't think all men are considered criminals. Some trash I found on Choi Jong-beom's video.
If you look like Clara, you deserve that little bit of tidying up.
Yoyo 3 months^^
Ahn Jae-hyun's agency was said to be in trouble because of the drama in November. It seems to be true. If you just post a post on Goo Hye-sun's Instagram, it will be covered in the news.. There are a lot of comments. It's strange haha. I also want to file a national petition for corruption at the agency. It's very strange. The temperature difference between online and offline is haha.
That's a funny girl. Are you going to unplay now or is this just a ploy to do something?
He looked like a businessman and ate like a butcher haha.
The bottom line is that suckers are the problem.
What if the woman is 30...
Also, looking at Kim Jong-kook's body, he is in good shape, but it's time for people to criticize him for going to the military for defense... without even knowing about it...
Let’s not let ugly kids MC. I get annoyed every time I see it
I think the wind is dirtier than drugs
Change it to celebrity disability
I had so much fun watching it haha
Dispatch, if you spread false information without checking the facts and file a lawsuit for that, the settlement amount is no joke.
Change all the members now ㅡㅡ
Are you aware that Femi recently came out of the Reds? Do you know that they thought they would benefit the most when men and women fight? Now it seems to be working well.
Beauty of men and women ㄷ ㄷ
You look so young and single, but you're married. Congratulations!! You're also good at acting haha.
If you go back to Thailand and film the scene where Lee Yeol-eum dies after getting his foot caught while picking giant clams, I will admit that it wasn't fabricated. Entertainment is real.
Why aren't there any babies yet?
Hey, you housewives who are ruined in the corner of the room, try watching babies at home. Don’t blame your husband for helping, these are pathetic things.
I’m looking forward to the passionate monk~~Kazuan~~
Sakura is not only pretty, but she's also smart... She looks more unique when she's with her.
What my husband did was wrong, and I don't think it's right to live together when things are going well and then divorce when things get difficult.
No, it doesn't look good anywhere, but it keeps making a fuss.
Park Yuchun >>>>>>>>>>>> BTS
I just watched Introduction to Architecture again, and honestly, it's not as good as Introduction to Architecture. Let's not touch Introduction to Architecture. It breaks my heart every time I watch it.
We should have done this a long time ago. It was too much like a documentaryㅡㅡ Yoo Jae-seok, Park Myung-soo, and Jung Jun-ha also did it this way.
According to Seolhyun’s personal opinion, she crushes all the Twice kids.
The female lead is so unattractiveㅠㅠ She doesn’t look prettyㅠㅠ
What's wrong with Kim Byung-man...?
Wow, people in the comments section live well too. It doesn't matter what other people say, but the top two have the best personalities.
Hye-na was so obnoxious and overdone. She should have made her chatter slowly.
If it's expensive, shouldn't you call me~~Why are you saying that to Song Ga-in!!
Taara looks like Jiyeon
Get off right now. Is the new guy already on drugs? It's amazing.
Was it really a suicide? There is no suicide note and there is no evidence that he committed suicide. It is somehow doubtful that he committed suicide just because he received treatment for depression.
Everything is controversial lol So did you catch the perpetrator??
Compared to Jeongwoo's (trash) acting, his dialect and acting itself are so awkward that it makes you wonder if he's really from Busan...
I support Jinyoung Park~!!! But I hope you discern well. Even heretics have faith. Park Jin-young, there are people who support you, so cheer up.
If not, will there be smoke in the chimney?
Yoon Geon had no presence.
The level of comments here is also really haha. There is nothing a child can say that he cannot say, and it doesn't matter whether his mother puts it on him or not. It's ridiculous.
I hope you resolved the Jeju Island hotel issue well...it happened before I went to the military...I look forward to your future activities^^
It looks like you don't know what Dadung means... Reporter... Anyway, congratulations.
I don't watch Masked Singer, but I heard Yewon is on it so I'll have to look it up... Fighting Yewon!
This is the reality of Korean women. Even though I don't have any abilities, I project myself as a man I meet and live under the illusion that I am at that level.
I don't know who it is and I don't care
Private: It's so frustrating. It was like that during Sulli's time as well.
Jungman guide Byeong-man works really hard, goes through a lot of trouble, pays money to take people on tours, and even provides local meals.
Wow~Noan...Uzzano
You look better after dieting healthily. You’re so pretty!! Appear on Masked Singer one more time~~ I don’t think anyone can guess it.
Wow so cute
Can you two look forward to it?^^
It seems like they are trying to struggle, but the public has lost their love for Ahn Jae-hyun... I hope Ahn Jae-hyun is out on TV and I don't want to see it in an article. Gu, cheer up!
They're stealing kids' money.
There is no fun in the drama if it is extended. Please give Seon-hee and Song Gi-jang a happy ending.
Have you paid off your debt?
Oh, leave it alone. Why do you keep looking up other people's Instagram photos? It was like that during Sulli's time, and the problem is with reporters.
These people are really funny. Are you giving donations and then leaving malicious comments? Are you paying for donations on your own? Are you paying based on your own standards? These people who are making malicious comments are not even human beings. They are a disaster.
Why do they keep putting Chinese women in Korean entertainment articles?! Are reporters out of their minds!! If you don't have anything to write about, just sleep.
Yeah~ I’m not that good at you.. Yaho haha
It's pitiful, but I enjoyed everything I had in life and lived well...
He said he was retiring as a singer. A few years later, he said he had 5 children. There are people who are making a good living by releasing albums, doing concerts, and starting an entertainment company. Why can't Moon Hee-jun come out?!? What's the point? If you don't want to see it, don't watch it~
This is trash news.
There are a lot of people who intentionally approach you, and a lot of ordinary people get hit too.
Dana is pretty, but the reporter seems jealous. Can't she make jokes? Is this the title of the article? Haha, don’t go all the way to Dana. Iggy is kind and sincere. I've been rooting for her since I was little. Dana is so elegant.
The baby is so pretty^^*
You're not an ordinary person, you're a non-celebrity, this reporter!!
Still, it's better to be skinny than fat.. Today's diet too!
Jongwon, take it easy and do your job.
Can't Cha Eun-woo leave Astro and pursue an acting career?
Can Lee So-yeon get married again? Honestly, it's human psychology that I don't want to eat something that someone threw away. thief
Come out with your daughter... let me see your face... I'm out of shape.
Is he a transforming robot? Still, he's better looking than gangster-like guys like Kang Daniel.
There really isn't a celebrity with looks like Shirley. Her personality gets better as she gets older, but it's such a pity, and her talent and looks are such a waste. My heart aches because I remember her smiling at the night of evil.
Sani hahaha, so far, don't ask questions about women, but they've been silent about murder, hahaha Anyway, Korean men are installed.. ㅉ
Still, it must have been a difficult decision for the production team. The employees who were put in to make the program have jobs, so I hope they think of another great project and come back together.
Yeseo is a mentally weak child~ Please take good care of him~!
Jung Woo-sung should also film a drama. I want to see Jung Woo-sung’s romance. The representative of a handsome man. When he was beat, he wasn't really human... He was handsome, but there was also a sense of superiority... Jung Woo-sung just wasn't handsome.
KBS weekend dramas seem to be fun and boring once in a while. I can't watch this after watching Golden Light. The acting is so off-putting.
Actually, it's because she's a comedian. She's beautiful, glamorous, and a wonderful woman.
It's so fun hahaha this week's dinner party is having an in-house relationship hahaha it's going to be fun
The legendary backstep.
Blame it on the guy who went to Instagram and posted the article. He didn't even post a press release, so why are you saying shit to such a strict person?
I am so sorry. ㅠㅠ I don’t know you. ㅠㅠ
I thought interpreting would be difficult too? Player Kim seemed irritated in his tone of voice, perhaps because he was frustrated a lot. He's the type of person who forgets things quickly and takes it easy, and it seemed like he would take better care of them once they became friends.
Is victory distant? Why win?
From the groom's parents' point of view...
If you keep persevering, you can see that this person's humanity comes out.
Just reading the words in the article brings tears to my eyes...
I'm old. I guess Choi Ji-woo got married and had a hard time. Let's meet a good person before we get old. As a normal person.
Why did the baby's mother post a photo from that angle...
I can see that Madat likes Hong Soo-hyun a lot. They look great together. I hope they get married.
A celebrity has died, so let’s live quietly without the fuss.
Noi-hae.. If it were a normal woman.. she wouldn't broadcast without her underwear on and would be an exhibitionist.. As a woman, I'm also Noi-hae. ㅜㅜ
I flirted with a girl I met for the first time, and she felt bad? Is this a sin? Even though it wasn't a sexual remark, if the other person is offended, are they unconditionally defined as a victim? I don’t think this is right lol
The side of the face is thick and developed like an old man's face, the front is slim, the nose is big and thick, and the waist is 20 cm. Is that kind of girl a Korean?⁉️⁉️⁉️
Do I even need to know this?
If you are from Produce, you should have mentioned Wanna One as your role model. Wanna One is doing better these days.
It feels artificial
They are so happy that it only got 12% on a Saturday evening prime time lol. I watched The Hundred Years Guest at that time and I have no regrets. I'm so sick of retarded concept entertainment that I can't watch it anymore.
Is prostitution a bondage? I know it wasn't, but wasn't it a fine?
Do I like someone who is 20 years older than me? There is a 21 year age difference between my mom and I.
Wow, you're really being criticized so much. I feel sorry for you now.
I'm getting older, I'm growing old alone, and when I look back and see that there's no one around to take care of me, I have to come to my senses. Tsk~ I'm not in my 20s or 30s, tsk~ It doesn't matter because I'm in a relationship, but I'm frustrated so I'll just say it. Thank you for your hard work~
Take a small piece of it.
Those of you who know me, please help me. It's so sad.
Yoo Byung-jae is getting more fed up with the three-line poem, please stop.
Is there any reason why Kim Jung-hoon needs to explain? Why are the public trying to get an answer from him? There is no obligation to respond, you guys. Don't try to one-sidedly criticize Kim Jung-hoon.
Why are you leaving so late....?? Are you doing military service corruption???
I was always sitting in the PC room at four or five in the morning, not putting in any effort and just lamenting my situation.
But Lee Hyuk makes money through YouTube.
I didn't see the broadcast, but does Kim Won-hee say that the reason she doesn't have a baby is because it's her nephew? Does she think of her nephew as her child? Does she not think about her husband and in-laws? I can't do it if her husband can't have children, but otherwise Kim Won-hee is too selfish.
everyone!!! Doesn’t that seem like a winning idea?
Can you please get rid of this couple? It's really sad to see. The woman is such a prude.
I think it would make old people feel bad to hear that.
What is Park Hyung-sik?
Korean bitches always have puffy fantasies, forgetting the true nature of chang women.
You look like your aunt~~ You’ve grown a lot haha
The problem is people who listen to radio because it's really fun.
The main vocalist is missing... Still, Kang Seong-hoon's voice is important among Sechskies' songs... I think it would have been better to show a responsible attitude by participating in the concert until the end, even though it caused controversy... Of course, you should be prepared to be criticized by fans. ㅡ
What is express
What is this? The previous comeback program is over. Call the forgotten kids, create an issue with tears, and when they fade, call someone who will return again. A burning return is better than a burning youth.
Since she gained weight, Choi Yura looks the same.
All the daughters are pretty
The plastic surgery was done to make it look too greasy. It should have been done moderately.
I could clearly feel the difference between Baek Jong-won, who humbly said goodbye, and Yoo Jae-seok, who accepted it. I think the real target is Baek Jong-won without any disagreement.
It must be difficult for Joong Ki Byung Heon and Hyun Bin to work in the same work.
Chu Ja-hyeonyu, who became active in Korea due to China's retaliation for THAAD
Just get off, it’s real fun
When single people come out, they bring their children.
Lim Ye-jin, stop acting like a bitch and acting like a bitch. It's disgusting. Crazy, is there still shit like that these days?
Most of Jo Hyun-jae's dramas do well. He's good at acting, has a good personality, and has a sculpted face.
Has it been 2 years since Mina got married? Isn’t it older?
Celebrities are very upset. The old ways remain unchanged even when the government changes. People are no longer idiots. Stop arresting celebrities and catch the people who drove Jang Ja-yeon to death. Even after several years, the incident continues the same way as it did then.
May the deceased rest in peace. I will remember your favorite levels, divine sorrow, wake me up, waiting for love, addicted to you, hey brother.
This is it for today
Narsha, if you're going to have plastic surgery, just do a little bit. Now, I feel like I've done too much and it looks unnatural. It's a shame.
After Kim Jung-hoon, it seems like everything is done to make money through acting...
There is no one but Ryu Si-min in the next presidential election...
If you're in the intensive care unit, you're dead even if you live.
Every time someone does something unfair to me, I post it on social media and say, “How can I live my life?” I even became an announcer, so I don’t think about my image or anything like that.
Is it really him who is the male lead? He has the same voice and can only act the same way...
Even though there is no new food, I eat it raw.
It's heartwarming... the people are really nice.
Isn't it Sean?
I really always respect and support you ㅜㅜ You have been the best ever since Queen of Housewives ㅜㅜㅜ I love you, unnie ㅠㅠ
Romance with a 40-year-old woman is not good.
They say she's pregnant, no matter how popular she is, what do pregnant women wear?
Physiognomatically, it is a table that will be moved in and out like bread going in and out of one's house.
He was an actor I really liked... Please rest comfortably there... May the deceased rest in peace...
Oh Jeong-yeon said in her own words that they had been seeing each other until last year, but she came to my house... to see something... and wrote something like that... I don't know who is right, but did they really have to make a fuss to finish the work between them?
I had my nose done. Well, the last nose was really, really weird.
It's natural that controversial lovers have a lot of malicious comments.
No... what does it mean to say that you are running away from the military? It would just be the date you chose the date you want to enlist after getting a medical examination, but you are running away because of Burning Sun. Please stop with the ridiculous conspiracy theories.
Why did you have to leave? It's the agency's fault. Isn't the agency planning the schedule???
Clara didn’t do anything to be criticized, so why are you like this?
I see how fun Camellia was.
A world where you can't survive just by saying nice things
Cheon Woo-bin, stop being such an irritant. If you’re going to do that, just kill me.
Never use weed
I don't feel like a model at all
How about you go to the military twice for your fans instead of the handsome Yook Sungjae?
Park Han-byul also seems like a victim ㅠㅠ
After listening to idol music that doesn't work, I listened to Song Ga-in's song and it was a treat♡♡
I was a little disappointed that Jong Hyuk Jahan didn't show up today, but I still had a good time.
No matter how young you are, please respect your husband. We had a baby, but it’s really uncomfortable to hear him say you to my husband.
I knew that. Did you get hurt in the military or before you went? You were only going to the training camp anyway. It was calculated. If anyone would look at it, you would think you were a gold medalist in the national team.
The youngest daughter and Ki Tae-young look good together, so why are there all the fuss?
From what I can see, I just asked the staff to pull my hair so I could get up on search terms just to get some idea of ​​the name of a novice.
Samsung calls for an investigation into Lee Jae-yong's fraud! https://www1.president.go.kr/petitions/Temp/70RSXH
Don't you dare trap Lee Pro in Youn's Restaurant or a Spanish boarding house... Everyone in the cast is a no-no except Eric.
It looks like 14 out of 60, but it's 14 out of 120.
This person's humanity is also revealed. If you look at him like this, he goes too far and is overly harsh. Was Choi a loner in there?
Come to think of it, I think this is the first time I've seen an actor from Cha Tae-hyun's agency do something bad like this~
Everyone, don't be quick to judge. If you investigate, you will find out, and I don't think there is a reason to make a fuss here. Why do people in our country care so much about others? They don't even take care of their surroundings.
How can he not be Yook Sungjaeㅠㅠ Lee Chang-seop is Noh Sang-kwan haha
Why? Do you think it’s pitiful? I really don’t understand the perception of the Republic of Korea.
I think you could get married quietly, but I think you're making too much of a fuss.
A female actress who interferes with Jisung's coolness. She still looks good as a child.
He said no, but he also plays billiards. Then, he said he would play foca doo, but as anyone who has been to a billiards hall knows, he was wrong.
Lin did betterㅠIt's a shameㅠㅠ
Are children bearing the guilt of their parents? Foot
People who say the exact truth but keep arguing and being dissatisfied must be criminal Jung Joon-young's acquaintances haha.
When Han Hye-jin was talking about her feelings, Jeon Hyun-moo didn't look very impressed. She didn't seem happy~~Han Hye-jin seemed to be clinging to Jeon Hyun-moo, but Han Hye-jin didn't seem to want to break up~~
I think it's strange that you get kicked out just because you're in a relationship. Being honest is trustworthy and good. It's strange. It's strange.
Let's leave out Kyungrim....
I'm like someone who didn't go to the military as an American citizen...the image is...
Humans... don't change. Look at Wang Jin-jin.....people can't do that.
Honestly, there is a huge difference in acting between Hyun Bin and Park Shin-hye ㅠㅠ Hyun Bin is good, but when Park Shin-hye appears, I suddenly lose focus ㅠ It's so awkward especially when they just talk ㅠㅠ
It ended after Dohee left the group.
I don’t think Han Ji-min has such a pretty face.
I could see flowers in Hyuna's eyes, as expected haha ​​And Shin Dong-wook is seeing an oriental medicine doctor for his illness haha
Haha, I try my best to show a family-like side. People don't change that easily haha. There are a lot of married couples in the show. Since they are an actor couple, they seem to be able to act well on their own, right?
Why are we taking pictures like this? Isn’t it the same as filming a sex video?
You're alone
It must have been very difficult, but thank you for your comeback♡
Why is Kim Won-hee not trying to have children and is she infertile?
Don’t be afraid, Hara-unni! Both you and Dong-sae are here! Let’s fight bravely!
I look forward to it, Mr. Mong.
You created the image like that... You should have done a good job!
Why don't you say that it's your will to be sick?ㅉㅉㅉ It's also because you don't have the will to be sick lol.
Like all cancers...pancreatic cancer, biliary tract cancer...I really hate itㅠㅠI took my mom to heavenㅠㅠI pray for the deceased's peace...
It's Nono Japan, so I'm going to scold you little brats, you bastards.
Hong Jin-young is the truth
I must have touched it before I was pregnant. You can't take medicine when you're pregnant. Anyone can see that I cut myself with a knife. What the hell? It's really not news.
Are you embarrassed that a female celebrity who makes a lot of money is marrying an ordinary office worker? Why are you doing that in private?
As expected, it's Bangtan. It's worthy of being called the next EXO. Now hahahahahahahaha, I'm rooting for Bangtan!!
I really don't think I can live with an older person... no matter how much money I have.
Haha, there are a lot of Kang Daniel's followers~ There must have been something. Because it was there, it must have caused such a mess. Don't just look at it blindly, but look at the reality. There's something else to shield, you idiots.
Since there is a history of slander in the Kim Kwang-seok case, rulings should be made according to the law in a country with a rule of law that does not allow broadcasting. Are broadcasters inciting public opinion and ruling in droves? The broadcasting company PD is a judge?
Cheating is not a sin. A person cannot love only one woman his entire life.
If you've boiled your family's soy sauce while alive, you'll be fine when you die, right?
Even if that's the case, I can't stand someone who wants to make a living after what happened a few years ago... Cheer up, Sangmin oppa❤️
If war breaks out, the gangsters will be screaming for their lives.
It's like this again
I hate Song Hye-kyo, but... her wedding photo is really pretty... but it's a waste.
It's okay, Park Myung-soo takes the spot.
It's really shameful. It looks like they'll order a mobilization of all agencies and bury Ku Hye-sun. Still, there are a lot of people who supported her. Cheer up, Ku Hye-sun.
My appearance is too poor for an idol.
What kind of nonsense is Seongjae Kim? Oldies selling memories again?
Gian 84 become more successful and drive the feminists crazy. It's fun to see that
Please get off Jeonchasi too. This is not a malicious comment. It would be good for Lee Young-ja.
It must be really difficult for female celebritiesㅠㅠ
To be honest, I envy Jung Joon-young.
There are a lot of really twisted people. Hannyeos seem to be a special breed... Be happy.
Go back to the mountain and practice. End.
Is that a face too? Hahaha. Faces like that are just minor characters or extras.
I guess I came out because I'm confident. I'm hot.
I love it so much, but please come out... It's a waste ㅠㅠ
How long should I open the lid...
This guy is going to get caught up in something soon... I heard that Netflix Standalone is coming out, so if there are a few nonsense stories that get cut and passed around, the community will just chew on them and create a buzz~ vibe.
Hyunbin looks similar to my husband☺️
Everyone, let's look at the intellectual position. Even if it is easily repaid, it was not I who borrowed it, but I showed my sincerity by saying that I had no intention of repaying. Kim Young-hee.. Even legally, there is a thing called giving up inheritance, so isn't there an obligation to repay parents' debts? People who openly criticize Kim Young-hee.. You and I. do well
Seunghyun, you worked hard ㅠㅠ. I can't tell you how refreshing it is to have given a blow to the women who have been mistreating men and behaving badly. Please don’t forget that there are people like me who support you.
It's good that this woman doesn't appear on TV. Maybe she has a thick tongue, but it was so hard to hear the sound that stuck to the roof of her mouth. There were a lot of dramas I wanted to watch that I couldn't watch because this woman appeared. ㅠㅠ
I want to marry you.
Hyuna E’Dawn~ Triple likes
That woman's life will change, and the humiliating pain will not be forgotten for a long time. Even though it was 10 years ago, please fully reflect on the actions you took to temporarily satisfy your desires and come back.
It's just true. I heard that the father-in-law has a lot of love for his daughter-in-law. It's nice to see.
A little left???? Did San come out as a right-winger???????????????Why did he release a diss song about Park Geun-hye???
Haha, did you run out of money??? Whenever you do something, you crawl in and act like a slut, and then when you feel like your situation is a s***, you just want to talk about it again??? Actor Lee Soon-jae hates you because you act like that. A bitch who pretends to be pretty but has no responsibility
That's right. Baek Jong-won, you know your limitations now. Stop raising your bubble of recognition by being too greedy for broadcasting with instant recipes that match your level, and guide franchise owners to your original job.
You should first be suspicious of anything promoted by jtbc.
Elijah, please play a good role ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ You’re so cute ㅠㅠ I was a fan back in the good times ㅠㅠㅠ
Am I the only one who hates non-celebrities more? There are not only celebrities and non-celebrities in this world..haha
Bora Kim is pretty
Ban Min-jeong, don’t come out anymore, I don’t want to see you.
It looks like EXID is disbanding because she insists on acting alone... One woman's selfishness is trampling on everyone else's dreams...
In the end, it failed by 20% during the weekend time slot. As expected, for Subs, Teacher Kim 2 is the best as it surpassed 21% during weekday hours. Teacher Kim 2 is exceeding 21% in the early and mid-game hours ㄷㄷㄷ Teacher Kim 2 Han Seok-gyu's grand prize is confirmed ㄷㄷㄷ
I would admit it if they put on a live show like that after actually donating, but if not, it's not good to see Lou Gehrig's disease being used as a means of promoting their personal connections.
Wow, is the ratio of women in their 30s to 40s real?? I feel sorry for the old women who have never experienced a proper relationship and only watch fantasies like this haha.
I could make a mistake. It bites me so hard, anyway.
After Son Seung-yeon became the King of Singers, the line-up continued to deteriorate. If they ran out of people to recruit, they should stop... It's not fun.
Please make Simon D come back.. The Chuseok special is being re-run right now, and he is so kind and caring.. The relationship between Simon D and Narae is also fun.. He really looks like Simon D's dad, so he is kind.. Please let me see Simon D.. ㅜ
♨ Still, I think I reflected on it, so I guess I can just move on.
I wish I could have a child born to a man as old as my father. Why can't you live your age? Life flies by in an instant... What is there to be so envious of? Just say it's okay for your daughter to live with an older man like that and have a child like that.
Are you pregnant or something?
Let's go season 2!!!
The title of the program is Burning Youth, but it feels like it's gradually heading towards a burning twilight... It's good as a one-time introduction to the current situation, but I wish it was left to its purpose...
Let’s go to Park Hana and Park Hana. Park Han-byul gets off. What are you going to do with an actor who can't even act?
This is Han Go-eun, who once got into trouble for being in debt.
Attorney Seungwoo Ko: That guy deserves to be treated like that.
There's a chat room, and if you invite it, you can join it. Haven't you tried the chat room? It could be that you only became a member because you were invited against your intentions.
I heard it was fun when Swings came out lol.
I wish there were no sick people on TV
Tae-ri Kim... do some acting practice!!! Why is the smoke like that?
Also, you pretend to be nice while praying for someone you don't know who he is. Haha Jo Senjing
If it's Pyo Ye-jin, it's obvious because it was predicted from the beginning... Let's say it's not... Haha, the writer must be in trouble too haha.
The answer is simple. A player with better vision, passing ability, and sense than Son Heung-min should play together, and a player that Son Heung-min can trust and attack with can play together. So, coach Bento, please appoint Lee Kang-in as a starter!!
2nd year of middle school who is great at acting
I'm trying to make my name known through acting. I'm trying to make my name known through dating. Think I'm being embarrassed. Who are you?
Kim Ha-kyung Tsk....
Now it’s okay to say to a woman who has been sexually assaulted, ‘Well, just be careful’ haha.
I understand the feelings of antis who want to scratch people just by looking at those with innocent images and faces, but I don't think that's true...lol.
I didn't see the baby today because he came out. Han Go Eun Shin Young Soo was pretty??? I should watch it as a meme.
In 1959, during the Liberal Party era, you entered Harvard Law School and then moved on to Hollywood? You were a great person.
I had fun!!!! Thank you to all the production crew and actors for their hard work!
I'm jealous of the doctor who treats Kim Sa-rang.. To think that they'll smooth out her fractured leg under the pretext of treatment.. Sigh.
It was obvious from the first episode~ The cause was Jang Na-ra’s infidelity~ I just knew it would be like that from the first episode~~
Taerang isn't exactly the likable type in the drama, but I wish I could watch the drama as a drama.. Have you forgotten everything... Jin-woo cheated on me... I don't know why there are so many people who keep saying that they want things to work out with the person they cheated on...
But you have a bit of an odd impression. It seems like you have a certain personality.
They probably expected what kind of questions the reporters would ask, and they knew they weren't on my side, so anyone would go in silently. Just leave it alone. If you watch, it will become clear.
Stop posting hateful comments. Isn’t Kang Jeong-ho also a habitual drunk driver?
Are you not going to get married? Lose weight, you'll be prettier.
I actually saw it yesterday, and I'm not going to lie, it was boring. I feel like there really aren't any movies these days.
Please increase Go Joo-won’s couple broadcasts. It’s too short...
Why are you swearing? They say you two love each other. Don’t we have the right to curse and criticize? What right do you have to criticize and curse?
Haha, there are a lot of dirty Thai people in Korea. Let's send those Sherry away first. Haha.
Well, to be honest, my face was Photoshopped, and before that, I was attractive because I was a broadcaster, but now I'm just an ugly ordinary person.
A warm word rather than a harsh scolding is the truth that changes me... others... the world.. touching.
Jung Woo-sung said the right thing, but why is there an uproar? Rather, it seems like cartoonists are a cult.
Make your acceptance speech short and not boring. It was boring.
Lee Hyo-ri, good luck!
Even if the unheard of person dies, I still offer condolences.
typical korean man
It makes no sense to say that it is a power manipulation. Where do you get such bullshit? Oh, reporter, is it your imagination?
Women must be happy not to go to the military.
I'm just blindly criticizing them. Even minors can get married, and they are much more honorable than those of you who try to pamper me even at my age. But even now, look at the people who are leaving slanderous comments and tearing up my parents' backs. I am always dissatisfied with my life.
Eyes are gathered tightly together. I like Park Shin-hye's style. Shin Dong-yeop's eyes are gathered together. I hate them. There's nowhere to go.
Why are there so many malicious comments? Did you guys add anything to your job? lol
How long has it been since Kim Joo-hyuk died... I don't think this is right...
68% of the ladies. Are you teaching your children to speak kind words? Show me your collection of comments and your children.
Why am I writing a drama about killing people like this? I can't even shed a tear and just laugh. It's a waste of time. I was only going to watch Kim So-yeon's acting and Choi Myung-gil's acting, but today is the day.
If you really don't want to be criticized, just live a normal life.
What's the point of talking about the past?
In my next life, I will meet a Chinese man.
I think Baek Jong-won is overdoing it too. Is this directing? He's complaining, but I don't want to hear it all. Is that the only way to teach? Those who teach or learn lack wisdom. I need to stop looking at alley restaurants now. I'm going to get cancer.
Articles about celebrities have a particularly high percentage of women in the comments... There are a lot of low-quality and cursing comments.
Hahaha, who's going to serve you? Come to your senses and come rushing in.
If you're in a relationship with 5 people, it's going to hurt... I don't know who's right... Ugh.
It's natural for a man to beg in front of Hwasa's house to open the door‼️‼️
Wow Shin Dong-yeop, I see you again.
Hemp Boy Park Tae-hwan put an iron plate on his face.
Look ahead, love! It's a mess after falling into a manhole. Why do you go out and laugh? If it happened in Korea, at least watch the video.
I don't like this guy.. but something's a little strange.
There was no evidence to the point where they couldn't identify the real name, and they were only focused on driving the issue, so they probably distorted and edited it to make it provocative. I believe that, and the follicles in the corner of the room that have udon in their brains haha, where did the National Forensic Service test positive? Is that the law and the truth? lol
If you are a descendant of an independence activist and have inherited spirit, try shouting “Kim Jong-un OOO” or “Moon Jae-in is a spy”.
Also, are you from Jeolla-do?
Those who push for Cheon Woo-bin must have forgotten that Cheon Woo-bin's past was also a gangster named Na Wang-sik.
I thought he was Japanese, so I had to look for him separately. The acting was very impressive!
Is sexual commercialization true or not?
Look at Lee Sang-hwa, the clown. The area of ​​the ice is bigger than Gangnam. Even if you take pictures at an angle to hide it, it all shows. Looks like he's getting divorced soon.
I continue to support this wonderful video and the actors’ passionate performances^^
Just skip the Korean girls haha. I've already cut off all of them.
They say they swear in places where the country isn't around... It's like '~'... But I understand if it's to the extent of saying '~' to senior comedians... It would have been just a joke, or it would have been a mistake about the honorific if they said President Moon Jae-in...
Han shaman ~ Quack Han shaman
She was Moon Hee-jun’s daughter!!! Unfavorable...!!!
Yes, fuck the school bombing sensibility~
If you have money, you can get married, but lol.
It was fun for the first time in a while. It's a pity that the former president's seat is empty. When the former president was there, it was fun just to sit in the chair and talk.
It was like this, but the culprit was Kang Ha-neul
Isn’t it the Chinese year?
The wife and sons. You're pretty, but why does Yoon Sang's face look like that? Where does it hurt?
When I looked at my stomach, I saw that it was my daughter. Haha, I hope your wish will come true. You are amazing. I was having a hard time with both of you. I hope you work hard in the heat~^^
I don't care if they get married or not, so please get off Salimnam. The part where they appear is so fucking boring that it's really annoying to have to fast forward every time.
Please don't do this in Korea. It's disgusting to think of all the pigs and pigs smelling and swarming there.
When Ko Won-hee received the grand prize at the end-of-year awards ceremony last year, I was shocked to see that she was the only one sitting in her seat while all the other actors stood up and applauded. She looked senseless and spoiled.
I like Yeonhee at Gamba
Gong Hyo-jin’s rip-off shopping mall?
Hong Jin-young's face is also a face, but her body is more deceptive than her face.
Programs like this make fools of even actors... S Broadcasting's entertainment shows have come to an end...
Namjoo Kim doesn’t smoke, right?? Mr. Go is so sad
If the female lead were Girls' Generation's Yoona, who is popular these days, she would have acted better than Lee Sun-kyung.
Sejji is really a waste... Has coach Cha Bum-geun really declined?... Ha... I'm honestly disappointed...
Jang Yun-jeong’s younger brother played soccer, so you will also become a soccer player.
Dongjun Kim's acting wasn't that great
oh my!!! I am also a resident of Gangdong-gu~~~~I have to go eat there sometime.
Kim Heung-guk is still alive. Would you go to pay your respects and walk on the streets out of shame? Anyway, in the next life, let's not be flirty.
TW's heyday has already passed. Now, like other groups, the members will leave one by one and they will naturally pursue individual activities.
I was wondering if I should watch this before Golden Slumber comes out, but is it any fun?
As expected, the textbook-like, heartwarming ending reduces immersion!
He is the top among famous actors in Korea~
Wow, who took the woman in her 40s?
Maybe it's because it's been a while since I came out, but the acting was a bit creepy. I changed the channel from yesterday and stopped watching.
Let’s get in touch with Yucheon, right?
I didn't really want to buy it, but I got drunk. Sell me something.
I'm jealous of skinny people. I'm pregnant, but my stomach only shows out.
If Jang Do-yeon is fixed, she will likely receive the grand prize.
Disliked by Lee Yun-ji and Seo Min-jung Extremely disliked
First of all, the fact that they pushed out the market is a lie, it's cool, I didn't want them to grow up to get even a penny more in compensation.
If you envy the country in your past life... you'll lose! Sheesh~
He looks like a North Korean man protecting Hollywood's new girl. Haha. He saved the country in his past life. His wife has a doll-like appearance and a slender body.
Park Yoo-chun didn't do drugs. Hwang Ha-na did it by collaborating with the National Forensic Service.
Brie Larson, IU, and Suzy are all hot.
It's truly stunning beauty. Live happily ever after.
No, more than anything, I just miss Ahn Jae-hyun’s beauty.
I don't like boom
These days, women are going crazy. They just live quietly.
If BTS is the role model, they will continue to be second in line to EXO, right??
Why did you take your mom’s last name?
Is this something worth mentioning? I'm not interested
Jiwoong, get the treatment well and live well!
I wonder if I wrote it wrong as 38 or 48 haha. She looks so young~~~
I don't think I really want to reflect on it anyway.. A few days ago, fans piled up a pile of gifts to prove it, hahaha. That guy is just irredeemable.
Honestly, I don't know who it is. I hate people who pretend to know when they don't know~ I have a wide musical spectrum~
Let’s go to the Rose Inn~~~
Song Jong-guk is not good, you Kimchi bitches. That bitch who broke up a family with two children caused damage to three people due to Ji. You only look at Song Jong-guk and don't like it. Kimchi bitches, you are all two reserve Kkotbaem bitches.
Why is it his fault that the cat ran away?? They say they brought back a runaway kid and are raising him, why??
You sound like a beauty!! The beauty is all frozen to death!!!
It's the same thing between me and the judge who can't come to their senses.
~After Han Hee came out, she didn't look unique at all and Sulli didn't do anything wrongㅡㅡ
What a pretty actor. An actor who is good at acting.
Money is ability and beauty is also ability. I'm jealous of both of them.
He looks like a criminal in his 40s. God damn it.
I want to be like Namjoo Kim. I respect you.
Is it enough to just apologize? Did Ilbe fire the production team? Who would watch a show like this that ignores viewers' opinions and doesn't even give feedback?
Observation... What are the conditions for opening real names? Harley said he was using Philopon, but he took a shot and made a funny observation.
The cost of housework is 30,000 won. I order food delivered every day and the daily wage is 30,000 won. Wow.
It's a lie haha. It's worth it.
It's so cute haha. You're pretty, but you need to lose some weight, Narae~~~
Ugh, if you just look at me kindly, I'll curse at you. What's there,,,,
How about discriminating against someone who is popular and has a lot of money? Hahaha. She looks like she deserves to be discriminated against. Let's just praise white people.
Park Bo-young has even been called the chemistry queen... but the casting is disappointing...
He used to love Idol Star Athletics Championships futsal, but now that the Idol Star Athletics Championships futsal event is no longer available, I can't see Noh Ji-hoon... ㅠㅠ
I'm having fun hahahaha
I fell in love with you even more when I saw you getting injections together...❤️ No, Hwang Minhyun, how long are you going to be so sweet!!
Why are you like that as you get older?
Kim Jong-min's ex-girlfriend Jang Yoon-jung~~
Little bitch ㄲㅈ
Let's just have fun
Women can do well in the military too.
I don't know who it is..and while I know that I will do it, I will really congratulate you...ㅉㅉㅉ
Poor Lee Chan-oh, how many times would he have been beaten? How much of a disgusting woman would he have been?
omg… Oh, it's really amazing, it's amazing, they can do whatever they want, it's like that all the time haha, it's such an amazing company, but instead of helping the agency resolve the issue, they just throw it away.
A shitty scenario with a shitty combination..
Tiger hyung, I really appreciate you taking a picture and signing my autograph in front of my Nokyang-dong studio 12 years ago!
She's pretty, but she's not attractive at all. Attractiveness is important, especially actors.
Pay the price forward and live a healthy life
Looking forward to today
Jeong Mi-ae has a pretty face~~
My 9-year-old daughter said, “This is the most boring weekend drama I’ve ever seen!” so I turned it off, brushed my teeth, and went to sleep.. A dream that will make you a child of a new country.. Sorry, actor Soo-jong Choi.
It would have been cooler if Hyoseong oppa had said that he gambled instead of weak Shu unnie, but it's a bit disappointing haha ​​I guess I was so distracted all of a sudden that I couldn't think deeply? ^^*
It looks like Giregi likes Hong Soo-hyun a lot.
You guys are doing great haha. I'm giving you a shield.
Did you fall after drinking? Or hit someone? hehe
The Hannams are in trouble again tsk tsk..
I wish they changed actors after enlisting~ Lee Jong-seok's acting is really bad and he doesn't suit Lee Na-young. Park Bo-gum recommended!
It looks like Jo-eun is going to be on the real sword ㅡㅡ He's been floating around since the morning!
I miss you Soyeonㅠㅠㅠ
IU's acting is really good in this drama that really leaves a lasting impression ^^
Ha Hyun-woo's fans are disgusting.. He is a singer. They say she has a great career, but because she's a female singer and doesn't have a lot of fans, it's very hateful.
I was surprised to know that it was about Park Jimin from Bangtan. . .
What did Jo Yeo-jeong do??
Ahh, Sohyun noona is tickling, aaaah... Kimochi
It's the same as before~ I took good care of it.
Lee Min-ho... he doesn't make a great impression... isn't he the same guy as Choi Jong-hoon? Anyway, I don’t know why, but we haven’t been in love since a long time ㅜㅠㅜ Soohyun, please come out quickly ㅠㅠ
Garbage separation and collection is still not possible.
I envy Hyun Bin. Beating all the pretty girls...
Why do you work at a restaurant after studying abroad? You can do it even if you don’t bring it.
I've heard of it, but why the article?
It's not Gura... It's Grada... It's Gire... 0
Look at the size of your face. You can play soccer.
Oh Carol... the work...
But Han Seo-hee is pretty no matter what photo she uses. I think it would have been quite popular if it had debuted normally.
