
At this level, it's not a drama but a blockbuster movie~~ Maybe there will be a Bevon 2.
Even if I lose weight, I don't become more handsome...
The more I look at it, the more I feel like Mina is a waste.
Is being a bitch bad? Is the person you picked bad?
That's because I keep living in my own good taste. It's going to be big someday. If you are expensive, ordinary people will see it as cheap ready-made clothes. ''Cheap is expensive.''
Didn’t I know you were selling the car?
So, I should take a good look at it before I get married.
Wow, this is a reflection paper. It is definitely the Communist Party that raised the country. It must have been ordered by Kongsandang.
He's still belittling a black engineering student and nurse...
Wasn’t this written without any evidence? Haha again, the victim's tears are proof? Hahahahahahahahahaha
I feel so sorry for men these days... Even though they have money, they can't even be a wife properly.
What on earth is wrong with Han Hyo-joo? It's my fault for mistaking my younger brother, isn't he another victim?
Now, the ending video of Endgame has been leaked and is spreading. Everyone be careful
Donating is a really good thing, but please try searching for Park Soo-hong's donation... It would have been better to do it like Park Soo-hong rather than advertising it like that.
cluster? What is it? Haha, congratulations so much.
I don’t understand the webtoon generation these days.
There are two ministers living in Korea. Seo Jang-hoon and Ahn Jae-hyeon. Thanks to them, the country is maintained and not destroyed.
My older brother in social baseball was the manager from Seo In-young's days to 9 Muses' rookie days. The kids say he is a very kind and good person... but they say he had a dirty past... They say the entertainment industry is a dirty and dirty place.
Yeonwoojin looks really fat, is she old?
Next week, when Yeon Da-yeon goes to the assistant manager and is in trouble because she turns out to be a Yeon Pig, Jae-hyung will appear and save her. lol
Hyunwoo doesn’t look at people. He is the ugliest
I'm curious about the woman's face
This woman is so cruel. You need to be careful. She didn't mean to have him, she was just trying to enjoy it. If she gives birth to something like that, there's no room for her in the orphanage. Don't be jealous of the injustice, but live well to show off.
Jummas, I'm going to fry my husband all night long lol.
Ochang Lee Chae-eun, please come out now. She’s so obsessed with the setting and has no sincerity. She’s too much like a fox. I’m sick of it.
Honestly, it's more fun than most movies.
It's all temporary... They say leave it alone... Just like you can't wear the clothes that were popular when you were in your teens and when you're in your 20s, everything will stop on its own as you get older and you turn 30. Just leave it alone.
Looks like it's coming haha
Yeah, why are you so violent? You don't look 0.1 percent like a woman, but this is an irrelevant topic.
Don't come out again
Wow, I’m jealous that you’re with Yulhee.
Ugh, the women are crazy.....
Why on earth are you taking pictures like that? A new genre appears~ I found out about it because of the article
She was so pretty when it aired~
May you rest in a good place.. I think you will run straight to number 1, Jeongsu Yoon.
It's not a big deal, so why did you write an article saying it's exclusive? It's hard to make money.
I will cheer you on so that you become as strong as your name suggests. You have a pretty face and you are good at acting.
What are you doing without getting married?
He needs to be restrained and treated... but he's already addicted. I thought she was hallucinating. What is she doing with a sick child? No matter who told you to do it...whatever. I did the same thing. Why does she have to confess that she forced him to release Hwang Hana?? hehe
Trudy is cute and good at rapping, so why are you criticizing her? They say they're dating because they like each other, but are they crazy?
You must have gotten the OK from Han Hye-jin in advance. How much time does Park Na-rae have to do something so careless?
It's good that things are going well with Seungyoon Lee's manager, but to be honest, I don't really like him... I don't know what his real personality is like, so I shouldn't be prejudiced, but the family doctor in my neighborhood looks like Seungyoon Lee. What an unlucky piece of shit lol.
There is no article saying that Jung Joon-young took a drug test.
No, what does it matter what other people do to their faces or not? Haha, I always support Hara.
When having sex between a man and a woman, oral sex is a basic caress that is included as a basic option. What shame is there? It is a very basic item that is included in the basic sex sequence.
Go to Namcheon Jeonjip in Namcheon-dong, Busan. They serve sweet meat pancakes. Conversion taste
Do you think the public should know that your boyfriend is straddling you? If you didn't know he was that kind of guy, you don't have the eyes to see. Don't waste your time with gossip.
What's wrong with not wearing a bra???? I really don't understand. This kind of thing seems to be an issue even in Korea. Why? It's a natural human body, so why is Korea so special?
But it seems like they're just using this opportunity to kill off Big Bang. They're losing strength, so it's like they're turning over what they covered up so far.
A world where you go to jail if you don’t have money.. Moon Jae-in’s country.
Weren’t you dating Lee Joon? When did she break up?
While preparing for the work, he must have taken a lot of hormones or facial shape management. Otherwise, he wouldn't have done so, but it's good to work so hard for a work and I really enjoyed it. I think I discovered a new actor. Dong-yoon, stay strong!! It's really going to be a lot of fun in the future.
If he were an ordinary person, he would have been a successful businessman... A celebrity started a business so big that he ended up like this haha. Your sin is that you were born in Hell Joseon haha.
Did you spend your time as a trainee? Didn't you join under your parents' name? It's a story of livelihood for both the mother and the daughter.
If you have money, there is a 99% chance of cheating.
Just do it in moderation. I'm also in my 40s, but honestly, it shined. Well, it's not against the law to sing old songs again. It's not a remake by another singer, and it's not a cover song, so why all the fuss?
Moon Chae-won, why is it all day long? Because it's next to me. Curious. Is Jeong Jeong a close actor?
Reporters, it's very unfortunate that things are over. People should also find out and talk about it. It's already over. Don't get caught up in things like this.
Hey lady, I'm not interested, so just live quietly now.
I just hate Ock Joo-hyun
Ryu Yi-ho is handsome
A lot of people get criticized for just one photo with Seungri. If we became best friends after drinking together once, I would have hundreds of best friends.
I support Ms. Lee Ye-rim~ I was a fan of Everything Truck and her personality seemed very good. Don't worry about the malicious comments. This is something that less than a handful of losers do.
Haha, President Moon is taking good measures and providing support to China, so our people can travel around with peace of mind.
At Yeonwoo's age, it's already not cute and natural, so it's no fun.
Even though he is fat, he is still honest and kind. If a bitch like Moon Jae-ang's wife is pretentious and has a bad personality, I would hate her, but Guk-ju is not a hateful person.
I don't like your articles, stop coming out
Everyone is complaining that they can't hear what's going on on the crappy TV... Buy something good, you beggars.
If you look at Jung Woong-in's wife's Instagram, it looks like she often hangs out with her family and spends time together on her days off from filming. She seems like a very homely person. How great adults will children who grow up in such an environment become? I'm so jealous ㅠㅠ
Your life will be ruined if you meet and marry those trembling guys or men who go to hotel rooms where they are dirty and eat shit or do such things without knowing that crime is a crime.
I'm pregnant and I'm in Daegu. I'm stuck at home. Sister ㅜㅜㅜ
Proving once again that men should definitely date someone at least 10 years younger than them.
When will Lee Hi become a world star? He's just a small, ugly fat guy. He won't be able to become a world star.
I'm going to touch it now.
Minsu, honestly, your quality is disappointing. Just admit what you have to admit.
To be honest, Kim Tae-ri is also quite old and a man. Even though he is in his 70s or 80s, he is young, pretty and innocent, in his late teens to early to mid-20s. You only like neat and clean women.
I've liked Yuri-unni since Maritel, so congratulations on getting married. I hope you're really happy. I hope you two have a happy married life.
I am also a well-known musician in my neighborhood. This is my first time hearing this name. Is it Afreeca BJ?
The song is good, they are world stars, but what they do is the worst in the world.
Retire Lee Gyeong-gyu. Gyulline is all about accidents haha.
The kids I take with me cause accidents like that... so even when I take responsibility... it's okay...
Same actors, same acting, same characters, Korean dramas don't really develop, there's nothing new.
My daughter was pretty?? What?
Please do not leave malicious comments to Han Seo-hee.
In 10 years, Yoon Seo-in will definitely be re-evaluated. There is nothing wrong with what you say
It's amazing that he owes 4.5 billion won, and it's even more amazing that he pays off that debt in just a few years even though his popularity has already waned. So how much do people like Hong Jin-young make in a year?
The pitch, the beat... it's all messed up, but it's funny...
Baek Jong-won is so popular these days... If Baek Jong-won is strong, he will jump into politics and become president haha.
Is there a man who hasn't seen Jo Bo-ah's Jeongbeop?
I feel sorry for Hyunwoo and Hyunjoo
Of the three, Choi Jong-hoon is the most handsome♡
But my brother seemed much calmer this time. It didn't happen like last time. It's good for hygiene to tie your hair neatly haha.
Tal Comorno??? Iggiyadesungcha!
If you're not curious, don't come in. They say they're curious and interested, so they come in and then they make negative comments. They say they're just jealous when they can just pass by.
If you look at the roles Kim Bo-ra has played so far, all of them are depressing and tragic roles.
Did Park Na-rae go on a salty tour because of this?
Don't live in a high-rise apartment, but live on the first floor or in a semi-basement.
It's okay because you're handsome.
Well, don’t women think that exposing breasts is exposure? Don’t they think that just covering the top is enough? Both the upper and lower breasts have the same breasts..
We're having a big fight over a song that's not even good.
Oh, I'm a guy... I find skinny women like that a bit disgusting, but I like women with some weight because they look healthy and attractive.
I think Lim Hyun-joo is so cute and attractive.
unattractive
As expected, Rado’s guts
I'm a Goo Hara fan, but I searched for Joe's guy.
I thought actor Kim Hye-jun would become popular ever since Lily. Congratulations!!!!
Still, I could have lived comfortably if Sireng came back, but I feel sorry for him.
Ugh, why don't you meet someone younger and get married hahahahahahahahaha I won't see you for 2 years. If you're a dry model woman and she's in her 40s, it's over. Go to the hospital and get tested first. Is it possible to get pregnant?
You look better with bald hair
A lot has changed since I met you haha.
So... why did you make a child out of wedlock... you should not sow seeds even if you give away your dick... it's all your karma... you'll suffer until you die.
I overheard a conversation between two adult men at a lunch movie cafe, and although the visuals and attractions were spectacular, there was no particular story, the middle was boring, and Thor was the worst, so the conclusion was not recommended.
Jo Min-ki committed sexual harassment, but they criticize him so much ㅠㅠ I thought he committed rape.
I wish the female lead Son Ye-jin had done it.
Don't you miss Seo Hyun-sook so much... She's one of the top three cheerleaders these days, but there are dating rumors...
I'm sick of cutting tails... Instead of celebrities getting beaten up, please post news about North Korea and National Assembly members...
If the nipples come out without a double, I'll go to the movie theater and watch it.
I don't even think about Hong Jin-young. Hong Jin-young makes better money.
Ryu Jun-yeol church search^-^
reunion!!! Let's make a comeback
What is the face of the person who left a malicious comment? I know that his personality is trash.
He used to use his nails and drive screws during the day, and when he went to the beach next door, he played loud music and ate grilled meat at night. Aren’t the settings too excessive?? LOL
What should I do with Chu Ja-hyeon’s acting? I think this is still China.
You people who go to sleep when malicious comments are posted, don't want to see it, don't want to hear it, and comment on things that turn a deaf ear~~ How can you live a proper life and come all the way here to post malicious comments?
Somehow it gets less and less fun. I only enjoyed the Seong-Hoon and Park Na-Rae episodes.
The reality of the dog and pig group, the dog Korean people. We are a people who get hungry when our cousins ​​buy land, so even though we laugh in front of us, it is normal for us to peel pumpkin seeds behind our backs. The creepy Korean people are scary.
Park Na-rae, don’t be too over-the-top. It's loud and annoying...ㅡㅡSong Ga-in is out of the blue.
Thumpers are the problem. To those of you who are professional inconveniencers, including thumpers, don't make any judgments and live with your mouth shut.
Is it really that much harder to be a mourner and not be able to sleep properly as a mourner than when your father passed away? Do you want to show off?? It's really too much to whine about how difficult it is to be a resident when everyone else is doing it.
Superman, who was controversial, became a popular show because of his twins. Since the show is so popular, who knows, long live the Republic of Korea, but the ugly triplets, traitors to the country, came out and left with only a spoonful of food. Haha.
It just seems normal
As expected of a Korean woman, Nam Tae-hyun looks incompetent and weak-willed, so he doesn't seem like he will break his body and make money like the other kimchi men, so they use that as an excuse to dump him ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Lee Dong-guk has been around for a long time. Wouldn’t it be okay to replace him with Naeun now?
Karaoke is best enjoyed if you invite a helper.
It's slowly becoming boring SM....
At the very least, they will film a romantic drama disguised as a courtroom drama. I can assure you that they waste all their time showing the romance scene between Go Ara and the male protagonist. The level of Korean dramas is the same, but the people who think they are good are the same.
25 years ago, Oh Dal-soo was at a time when he was full of energy, so it could be possible. And now, I really don't understand people who talk about what happened 25 years ago. Let's live faithfully to our words.
How much torture would it take to call a Taiwanese doctor? I'd rather come to Korea, get treatment, and marry a Korean man. He would be happy if he married me...
Just do well as a criminal.
It's a jangly candle... Would you like me to wear a Japanese flag?
If everyone who saw it clicked on the recommendation, 2020 will be a big success and the whole family will live forever. And good morning.
I had a nice trip. You'll probably have to shave your head again once it goes in.
Honestly, if you think about the second generation, Han Hye-jin's mask is...
In the drama, Youngjae led his mother to commit suicide, maybe?
Don't use the name 'chef' on the chefs.
The actors' acting is great. The directing is also good. I'm enjoying it♡
Song Joong-ki's acting is so good. I'm watching intently. Fighting Joong-ki.
Youngja Lee's scale donation isn't enough, so you slim and pretty people, learn a little bit.
The druggie is handsome!
The difference in personality between a woman who knows how to taste men and a man who has never dated a woman before.
If I were a woman, I wouldn't date a man shorter than me, even if he had a trillion dollars.
I should take care of my old wife and enjoy this level of luxury.
I can trust them more because they are broadcast writers???
A love that transcends age... honestly, it's beautiful.
Ku Hye-sun fighting...
I think Hannamnaenae took pictures of those guys' coordinates in the comments.
It's only 14 kg... not 140 kg...lol.
...Naughty people...People who enjoyed other people's pain...Now they should be punished...,That's how we have a fair society...Reap what you sow...
If you're 17 years old, you're a senior in high school, so if you're 2 years apart, we could meet.
Do you really need to post a picture of your child in a swimsuit like that??? Are you a reporter??
How can they show off when they get a bag or something as a gift, but it hurts their stomach that they posted on social media that they got pregnant after 10 years and received the second best gift? How could they be so ugly?
I need to lose some weight
Mr. Kang is becoming more and more like Sunnim with a short mouth. You look good at mukbang haha
Wow, there are malicious comments all over the place haha.
I'm so, so disappointed~~ I wish we could have won 9 games in a row... In the meantime, I was happy listening to Lee Seok-hoon's song ~~♡♡
Should I broadcast it on TV knowing it's illegal? It's likely to be an issue? Well merge
Yeah, I don’t know who it is.
They match well ㅠㅠ I think the vibe matches Kim Ji-won more than Song Hye-kyo.
If you are deceived with plastic surgery and makeup and give birth to a child, you will be conned again.
If they added a little more, their popularity could have gone up, but they failed because they couldn't lie to their true nature and got angry... Tiara, Goo Lara, huh? Both of them are round with the letter ‘la’
Eric, are you married?
You MeToo bastards, you OOOs who are played by the media. MeToo is your bullshit.
Kim Gura looks like a criminal
I don't want to see the scumbags. They whine while looking at the things that will happen if they don't see them. You idiots. Why are you living here, you idiots? Haha.
Oh Chang-seok and Chae-eun suit each other well. I think they will get married ~~^^
I don't think it's a cheating woman, it's just a one-sided love for Pyo Ye-jin, but I think it will all be revealed in the last episode and it will be said that she did it to live well with Jeong-seon.
I'm going crazy right now because of the new coronavirus, but I can't understand why I'm going on a trip to Bali. Come to my senses.
If something happens to the government, they block it with a news story. Isn’t something going on? haha.
You're pretty like that without plastic surgery, right?
Dirty leftists who only care about money!!!
It's a national petition.
Features of recent dramas: Aunty Porn. Renault
He has 10000% spawn.
The hot fans at this time must be popcorn lovers, and other first generation idol fans ㅇㅇ
There should be a lot of people who know how to reflect and forgive. You shouldn't be jealous of someone and hate them by doing more than that. Moreover, the victims said they would accept forgiveness.
So when a disaster like that happens in Korea, shouldn’t Chinese celebrities cheer for Korea? Moreover, Song Hye-kyo does a lot of activities in China.
If she were a woman, she would have become the national OOO and all would have left without a single fan, but she still has fans.
Namgoong Min's acting is great. It's the most immersive.
To be honest, they look like a married couple. My husband doesn't come home because of work. Hmm.
Isn’t 52 kilos too much for Nikki? I’m also 170 and 53?
I think Mi-ae also dislikes the title of the article...
I laughed so hard yesterday haha ​​especially Challenge Golden Bell haha ​​Coyote live forever
A real woman must have pretty nipples. If the color is pink and black, I don't like the nipple, it stinks.
You're supposed to give a blow job to a woman...
Kian84 likes
Kim Ji-won’s makeup like that haha, but she’s still pretty.
At least he looks better than Kang Daniel, Park Ji-hoon, and Ong Seong-wu.
Goo Hye-sun, this is what a couple and married life is like. Watch and learn.
I watched it for a while and it was really fun, so much so that it was a shame to turn it into I Live Alone.
Please, is this Mom Part 2? Following Go Doo-shim, are you prepared to kill Kim Hae-sook as well?
It's too glorified. People who have watched national soccer since long ago know that it's greedy.
25 years ago, when he was very young... Oh Dal-su was probably in his early twenties... I think we had a crush on each other when we were kids... If you look at it like that, it's scary whether there is a person in this world who isn't a sex offender.
Hehe, I slept well.
It reminds me of my mom's K-Pop days ^^ She's still pretty even now ♡ And please don't leave malicious comments. I don't mess with my family. Imagine someone criticizing your family. It's harsh to curse at a small baby. ㅠㅠ
Rather than Son Heung-min, I saw Hwang Ui-jo, Hwang Ui-chan, and Lee Seung-woo again hahahaha goal scorers^^ Keeper Cho Hyun-woo was also good.
But it ended up like this because Jang Jae-in seduced him. The program is currently airing, but the producer must be in a lot of trouble, so why bother editing it before it ends?
Now Park Yuchun, stop talking about it. It's a personal matter and I've had enough of being criticized.
A man can date other women. That's so meddlesome.
Anyway, be careful with women. Your life can change in an instant.
I feel so sorry for MBLAQ, they are doing well, but the team disintegrates and the company disappears.
I'm 54cm tall, but there are times when I'm 66 degrees shorter. No matter how much I weigh, I feel like I'm 77 degrees shorter. It's funny that I've only lost fat on my face and a little on my stomach.
My eldest uncle made 200 million won 20 years ago ㅜㅜㅜ I have to go to the dog scammer.
Shindong: I hope Siwon Choi becomes a real member of the National Assembly (actually said)
Are you saying that Lee Seung-gi is not polite and doesn’t work hard?
Tick ​​Pizza is my brother❤️ It's been broadcast, so line up in front of the store starting tomorrow, customers are welcome!!
Rest in peace now, brother.
It's not that I don't want to give birth, I know I can't, but I'm just pretending that I'm not desperate.
First of all, people criticize it after seeing it. Why can’t they criticize it so hard? Are they just a bunch of victims?
When the younger brother was born, he was especially fussy in order to draw attention to himself, but the second son was relatively quiet because he was already strong. William is still a baby, but he already has a younger brother, so he probably wants attention.
The comments are really dirty. Don't you know that these few words you scribbled can cause great harm to others?
Those pigs who suck at drug addicts...
Crown Princess is so beautiful...
Honestly, BTS is a group that has nothing to say even if EXO raised it.
Yesterday, I happened to see chickens living with goats and ducks, and the hens were so busy laying eggs that they couldn't even wake up. Lazy like the Chinese women
Is there anyone who has ever drunk and not driven? Anyone who dies is just unlucky.
Isn't this the person who suddenly stopped activities even if you don't look at it?
Did you get a new nose?? This nose is prettier than before.
He's really ugly, so ugly. What would he have done if he hadn't gone to Seoul National University??...
While watching, I just turned off the TV because of the female lead's acting. The male lead has improved a lot and shows signs of effort, but the female lead's acting is the same every time.
Why are there so many negative comments? Rather than being frustrating, the directing seems sophisticated and it's fun enough to feel like it's only 10 minutes...
Don't ignore One Table haha... If you find out, she might be the fat man's daughterㄷㄷㄷ One Table might actually be a childhood joke haha.
Minseok, you have a good voice and you're getting more popular, but you need to lose some weight~~ You'll look great if you lose weight~ You've become more popular, so take care of yourself~ Your belly is fatter than when you first came out.
Tower Palace management fee: 100 manon per month ᆢ Stufit
Of course, what kind of departure is this? Are you guilty by association?
It doesn't matter because I became a fan without watching Produce
There was an article last time... why is this happening again?
But why are there so many people being so over-the-top and excited?
I won't sit back and watch you go to the military. Girls can do anything, we are connected.
We shouldn't criticize countries like other countries (China and Japan). In the first place, we are at the level of desperation, so who is criticizing whom?
Men say it's the woman's fault, women say it's their fault, but in the end it's the woman's fault.
I guess I was drawn to her by her distant charm.. I don't even have a very handsome face, but I feel like Hara is such a waste...
Is Big Bang better?? Is TVXQ better??
My favorite ♡♡Kim Hye-soo♡♡ Unni♡ Younger sister
But aren’t soldiers allowed to go out after 22:00? Isn’t it military law?
Kim Tae-hee's degree from Seoul National University's College of Fine Arts is no match for Yoon So-hee, but she was really smart.
What’s wrong with the boss?
Old and old young people
Why keep drafting? I have no clue lol
What's going on? Why are you doing this? Be humble. It's because they treat me too hard. He's the main character, but if he plays a minor role, he'll be upset. Still, something like this that mocks the viewers deserves to be criticized.
Don’t worry about what others say and live well~~
Now let's listen to some music. I had enough self-reflection.
Goodbye sister...
They're turning this issue around because they're worried that Linsamo will blow up.
To be honest, the target was Mr. Poong Sang...
This guy is really not worthy of his age. Abby also committed adultery with Kim Ji-mi and ended up in the kitchen.
Isn’t this a symptom that usually comes when you’re weak? Otherwise, should I take a diet pill..?
Heo Anna, I thought you were really pretty for a long time. Congratulations.
That's completely wrong
It's underpants anyway, so what's the exposure?
My mom became a fan of Sunye after watching this program^^
Seriously, both of them are disgusting. Especially Oh Chang-seok, no matter how the script is, is that something to be angry about? They show their personality, so I bought them big rings and put them on them.. It was so disgusting to see the two of them hugging and going up. They were going to a motel.. It would be better for them to get off before they get even more insulted.
Minhee Kim, don’t look back and always be happy.
I wish they would come out in turns every other week ㅜ Seriously ㅠ
Those three have good chemistry hahahaha
I'm an LG VIP~
I watch it because of Baek Jong-won's cider remark and Jo Bo-ah. When I see Jo Bo-ah, it makes me smile and it's good.
I'm not rooting for you. I counted people who had it harder than you.
World class girl hahahaha
Ugh, he looks like a pig, but he has a distant face and a slim nose. How did Sal get like that? The clown is a fat omega. I only watch it because of Park Shin-yang. Go Hyun-jung's return is not working for SBS. I can't even come to KBS. Someone please save me a pinch hitter... Her nose blind pronunciation is awesome. Who can watch it? ..
Is it heaven for you idiots? What's wrong with not having friends between men and women? Don't you have a single phone number of the opposite sex on your cell phone? Male friend, female friend? If a man and a woman can't be friends, it's true that they can never be friends when they started dating and then ended up falling out. Haha.
Not only people who are good at singing high notes are good at singing. Delicate and pleasant voices like Lee Seok-hoon are also good at singing. There are just a variety of genres. Lee Seok-hoon's voice was not used in Immortal. At first, only high notes scored a lot of points, but now it is different.
Fact = A person called his ex-wife wrote an expose on the Internet and voluntarily deleted it a few hours later. I still can't figure out that the ID is that of my ex-wife, and it hasn't appeared since. That one article that someone posted that lasted a few hours puts a stigma on a person’s life.
Without EXO, the awards ceremony is of poor quality. It's like the Ballon d'Or awards ceremony without Messi Ronaldo...
When Hyori sees Kim Je-dong, who is as ugly as a dumpling, in real life, she wonders how much uglier he is. Why would she hang out with such a guy?⁉️⁉️
I'm not a fan of Seonjung Lee, but I saw her on the street and she's much prettier than on TV. I hope you're doing well.
Ugh, I don’t know who he is.. I wonder if he gets this much attention because he’s a guy.
Every time I see this OOO, I have no luck and it looks like shit.
In the meantime... the thought keeps coming back to me that maybe I'm dating Park Bo-gum this time.
Are men animals? He looked so sincere. He looked pure and serious. Is he really out of control ㅜㅜ I thought this person was at least human ㅜㅜ I really don’t know. I can’t even believe it.
Since you went to lck with me...ㅉㅉ
I recommend double jaw surgery. I think it will be really nice. Your facial features are really pretty ㅜㅠ
The buffet was said to be available if you get married within 2018, so it is invalid because it has passed.
For some reason, it feels like a lie to say that Park Myung-soo is sad. Why?
The gender of a woman who gets DM's even if she stays still. Even though he is a celebrity, a man of the same gender can only meet a woman by sending her a DM.. It is a clear power relationship. Women have it easy, only men have trouble. female supremacist country
I don't watch it unless it's EXO haha
What else does Youngja Lee know how to do other than snarky broadcasting?
I found out someone who knew about the shop incident... Lee Ji-hye is a bodhisattva...
It looks like he will grow up well under good parents. I think Sam's dad is a good person~~
Ugh, are you bragging about something like that? You kid is failing in school. Anyway, she said that your child takes after her parents.
Wonhee Kim~ I don't mean to tag you, but I doubt your husband would do that. Still, I think you should have at least one child of your own.
Next, I think he would look great in a spy action movie or the role of a genius physicist. I love him.
The content is not interesting~~
If you don't eat, what's the effort? Is the greed and greed so unbearable?
anticlimax. I was disappointed.
Are there any malicious comments that are not that annoying?
It's Thailand that broke into the national park, started a fire, and gave them permission to film... The legal authorities are the original problem... You, the Thai authorities... Were you glad they gave you the money? It's a national park, and it's everyone else's fault for getting guests without any help?
Charisma seems to be truly top of the world.
There is no way there is evidence. Our Seungri oppa was just used and is innocent.
So, is Lee Seong-mi still single? I didn't know.
That's right, EXO did the ending of the 3rd company. Legendary EXO
Ugh....entertainment wasn't like this when Mr. Lim Ha-ryong was here, but I miss it, Im-chan.
Is this a new lottery? Even the guy who received 35 million won shows humanity.
I gained 10kg before getting married hahaha and that's not even pregnancy?? Nami deserves to fall in love... Plus, she's a delisted girl.
It would be nice if the fan club could hold a small wedding right now.
Goodbye.
But don't curse... There are so many restaurants with rotten ingredients and dirty hygiene without you knowing... It's better to have bad taste.
I am very compared to actor Jungmo of the same age.
I think Lee Kwang-soo exploded because of Shin Jae-min~
It looks like I got some ugly plastic surgery, but I don’t like it.
Why are you young?????
Please apologize to Lee Hwijae oppa. When I think about Hwijae oppa being criticized, I get so angry.
Son Ye-jin: I remember when I was in my 20s, all the crazy mega girls were leaving malicious comments like Deukdal. Now that I’m in my 30s, the amount of malicious comments has decreased haha.
They should just get off.. Aren't the actors who have been fooling the viewers all this time passing all the blame on one side and throwing salt at the other cast members as if they didn't do anything wrong? Not only are the production crew selfish, but these couples seem to be selfish as well.
Professionals like this...just do it among yourselves in your own league.
Abolish this overseas travel childcare waste program. Should I pay a license fee just to create trash???
I'm sorry, I've been listening to EDM for 10 years, but I don't know who they are. I know Tiesto and Polban Yahal.
Old men are a social evil. There are no thoughts.
I have a bad stomach, so I think I drank sewage water too. I drink the neighborhood urine and poop‼️‼️‼️
It is a time when ugliness due to aging gradually becomes worse~~^^
Everyone is criticizing Jeon Ji-hyun in the comments lol. Are there really 30 of the celebrities in our country who donate??
If you're like me, you won't raise a dog even if it's because you feel sorry for your child. If you feel sorry as a mother, at least.
I really don't understand the kids who rave about articles like this. Celebrities' children all have light and shadow coexisting... No matter how hard you try, they won't work for you...
Kim Jong-kook♡Hong Jin-young’s vote! Just go ahead! Whenever Kim Jong-kook and Hong Jin-young are mentioned, they are ranked first in real-time swords. They seem to be the couple that the public wants too.
There are many supporting characters who are good at acting even though they are not good looking. It seems like he has no talent as an actor at all. The work is a waste...
The acting was the best...ㅠㅠ
Girls are generally selfish
Song Ji-hyo suits her too, but Hong Jin-young is a match for her because she suits her so well.
I think it will be a little weak at night~~hahaha
The skinny one was big.
There is no answer when a woman is over 30 ㅠㅠ She has been treated like a grandmother since she was 25 haha.
There are so many Korean women who are jealous because Sulli is pretty. They say they are jealous if they are jealous of her being pretty.
Who is Park Soo-young? Is Soshi Southeast Asia?
Ah, what should I do? I pray that the soul of the deceased rests in peace.
It's shiny and seems to be buried
Jin Yong-jin is the trend these days
When was 2NE1? Hahaha. It would be okay to go on a national singing contest or a music stage. They said they were so old that they would be criticized for appearing on a music show. Are you in your late 30s now???
It's like they've turned an unappealing person into a twist. The original version is China's most beautiful woman.
I like it because it’s sharp, I like it so much, it’s sharp.
Likewise, I don’t sell old women.
So far, you've been on entertainment shows despite being an overseas citizen, so you've been saving a lot of money like that.
Why do Korean lovers make so much money? Act like Japan... Take pictures of beautiful girls for AV... Appearing on variety shows and exposing their panties is basic... Eat live bugs and that's the only way to make 500 a month...
Damn, it's a good harvest. This is a division that came about because Moon Jae-Ang is bickering over everything from the past and Abe is mad, so why are they being so mean to ordinary travelers? Why don’t we just close the airport and cut off the sea routes?
Just be good at acting and become an issue, fuck it.
What is acid? That video should not be distributed without the consent of the victim.
Han Hye-jin was also John, but she is similar. Still, she said, “This guy is smart.”
Ha Seung-jin always has the look of a fighter who has gone through 10 rounds of boxing.
I envy the husband who took this sister~~ ㅠ_ㅠ Be happy, sister~
I never thought Big Bang would collapse like this ㅜ I was indifferent to Seungri from the beginning.
I cried along with Nachajang when she cried at the ending. It felt like she was seeing me from years ago. Fortunately, I am living well with my husband now. Jang Na-ra's acting is really great~
Should I do more than you?
Just one clam is truly cunning.
Naeun? She's really pretty, but Geonhoo is honestly really ugly.
Tae Gyu-hyung is this year’s acting grand prize winner!! It was a wonderful performance that gave me goosebumps!!! Gyeongdong High School Fighting!!
I don't feel unfair about going to the military to protect my country, and I think it's natural for strong men to join the military. But women go crazy even if they lose even a little, and I hate seeing this.
A person worthy of being called beautiful
My son was really handsome. Lee Byung-hun, please come to your senses. Having such a pretty wife and a handsome son...
You say you don't want to hear people call you 'ajumma', but what do you mean when you say that inner beauty is important? If inner beauty is important, it doesn't matter whether you're an ajumma or a young lady, right? The words don't make sense
Victory, 1 win... At least I didn't do drugs.
Why are you exposing it at this time? Why not do it right away after 3 years, when the second prime comes? It's strange, the woman who revealed it also received awards. Maybe money? Kang Ji-hwan's settlement money like the women? But if you go out, it could be money???
I can't stand it hahahahahahahahahahahaha the girl Jongteuk expressed it like that haha ​​Nam Taehyun is great, a man can do that hahaha
I thought it was fun, but the story structure was solid.
In the end, Yang Se-jong or Jang Hyuk... either one of them dies, or both live... well, both Lee Seong-gye will die... but they won't be able to change history...
The atmosphere was amazing... The kids were cute and pure and cheerful, just like other kids their age... And Lee Sang-yoon seems to be a real fan of Lee Young-ae hahahaha. Honey flows from his eyes and his smile is like a clown's ascension.
Whether you're pregnant or not, it's important for ordinary people to live well.
TWICE Jeongyeon's dad? It came out on the refrigerator, so it's not good if it airs like this.
Honestly, if a female actress likes to take off her clothes in a movie and film a sex scene with another male actor, then if she gets married and has children, she should refrain from appearing on TV and live quietly. As the children grow up, they will get hurt and become crooked, 100%.
Gwanghee surprisingly showed his strength in chases and grew into an ace. It's correct except this
I think all the girls look like Hong Yun-hwa who lost weight ^^
This is exactly the mindset of women who like iPhones...
It doesn't seem like the actor's husband gaining 10 kilos is a good sign. live happily ever after
Ham So-won is pretty. You two are starting to look more and more alike.
Lee Da-hae has always been really good at acting with tears in his eyes.
It's very difficult to live as an actress in a country that hates women.
He had Sulli, but he was mana, but he wasn't as good at hosting as Shin Dong-yeop, and he wasn't very talkative.
I became a fan of Namgoong Min after watching Stove League haha. He is a man. lol
I honestly don't know who both of them are.
I'm really curious about Minyoung Park's plastic surgery surgery.
I can see Park Ha-sun's face too. She's cute and sings well. Fighting~
Sasaengs. Looking at that, I also have a disability. If you like Big Bang, don't think of becoming disabled with the expectation that you will get your own gift. If you are going to have a disability, get disabled with the intention of living quietly while reflecting on yourself and the celebrities who have suffered because of you due to their private actions.
I'm definitely on Kang Ji-hwan's side
It is varied. I don't know why because it's not a big deal.
After all, I can't ignore hair.
Beauty cannot be underestimated
Kim Jae-wook is so unlikable ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
Hwanhee goes to the good group and Junhee goes to the malicious group, so there must be a lot of unfair feelings.
It's the end now, haha. It's a good thing if it's screened by the end of this week. It's about 1.3 million people. It's not like it's old. It's been 3 years and then I'm discharged, so I'm dreaming of releasing it quickly? Aren't you a fan?
This is a singer. Are you watching Yang Joon-il? Is that a song?
I have a passion for acting so I need to go to the military quickly. It's so unusual that even if I go, it might be difficult. It's true that even in everyday life, I act out of the ordinary.
He is the person who created Twice. Those who criticize will die.
These days, you idiots are making a fuss ~ It's hot and it's annoying ~
So, is Seungri connected to the Blue House? The investigation is not progressing. North Korea, South Korea.
Of course, it's a complaint that can be raised, but they say it's preferential treatment... Look at the gender ratio in the comments... A collaboration between Giregi and that gender...
The man is in pain and needs to take medicine. His eyes have no focus.
You have to be a fool to live with a strong woman.
It's a custom. You have to make mistakes. From what I can see, he is extremely irritated. It seems dirtier than it looks. They say a kid is a human who will live until he poops on the wall. I'll bet on his mom that he says that. Does she look like a woman who will die as a result of her long-dead Jeon Nam’s pro-Japanese relationship?
It’s so cool♡♡♡I bought that book too^^
old song hye kyo
Please handle it according to the law. . . Please show me the punishment for one punishment. I understand that flogging is one of the punishments in Thailand.
Fun! It's so fun~ Our changed lives seem better for both of us
It's wrong for the druggies to make a comeback. How can we do something about them just because they made a comeback?
Big Hit Bangtan fed me haha. Does Lee Chang-min make any money??? haha
They also blame Lee Myung-bak and Park Geun-hye for the disaster. Is it similar?
The woman is a broadcaster who worked at a game broadcasting station, so she's a celebrity, right?
ㅁㅊ You little bastard, slowly come out~
Rapmon and the idiots
What does dating have to do with fans? Haha you barbaric bitches...are you in a fantasy relationship with a celebrity?
I'm also curious about how Junyoung and Youngjae will meet again. Let’s watch dramas as dramas. It's too realistic, right? I watch it for fun.
I ran away while filming a drama.
Aren’t the viewership ratings low every time that comes out?
Sister Horan is upset that she can't get her license anymore.
Namjoo Boom, right? The nose surgery looks pretty good haha
One of the two singers that hasn't been revealed is EXS Seha, right?
The visual is surprising
Isn’t it a time now where we can love freely as long as we can take responsibility? I know that Director Hong Sang-soo's children are all adults, so what reason is there to stop this divorce?
I live with Kim Sae-rom, a drunkard who suffers from severe rosacea. Let’s take a look. Sae-rom said that drunkards are like trash. Is that true?
Jo Bo-ah said something completely correct. What are the people here criticizing Jo Bo-ah? A celebrity who makes money easily? I don't think it's Jo Bo-ah, but her acting is also improving, and she practiced Takoyaki for a week to be as good as that boss, but it doesn't mean she can't do it.
I'm sorry for making you eat cold bungeoppang...
The drama itself is a Hannam fantasy story hahaha.
The woman's origins are also questionable. It seems like she's doing it to grab the man's ankle rather than a loving relationship.
Would it be nice to live with a child who has repaired everything like that? It's impossible for him to have such an eye for people.
Did Dongbaek's mother really ruin Dongbaek? If it's something like a loan... I hate Haman's house ㅜㅜ
If you divorce just because you're bored, you'll have to divorce dozens of times, right? Her husband was overjoyed. Ku Hye-sun, stay strong!
Now, let’s get out of the military victim mentality.
If some popular guys mentioned BTS...
Is Moonsik afraid of losing his mother? He's afraid of being abandoned. He's like a child hungry for love. If he were his biological son, he wouldn't have done that... Even his biological parents abandoned him, so he's afraid of when his stepmom will abandon him. I think so..
Kim Myung-min's acting is really good haha. If Kimon was any good, I would have watched Woo Man-ki as a rerun, but Sun-soo's character costume was blown out.
I still play that elementary school Suzaku game.
Everyone, Korea is on the verge of being reunified by communists. This is God's punishment for Korea that has forgotten God. Now, let's all wake up, repent, believe in Jesus, and meet Jesus with a smile! See you in heaven!
You said you didn't do drugs, you idiots, which fan came and started abusing you?
People in the cafeteria these days probably don't know about Fin.K.L's heyday, but when it comes to singers these days, the team was on par with Lovelyz.
Jinwoo. I don’t understand Seola’s actions.
A shaman and a conman...hmm...
Change your stereotypes and think. As much as I have a hard time, not the top 10%, but 90% have a hard life. As for Hyejin Han, all the hardships are over.
Jaedong... are you okay?
I'm Japanese, but I came to Korea, made money, got married, and made money.
It's good now that it's on TV, so we'll only know after a few years.
When will the captain come out?ㅜ
You can call it Cha Du-ri... What is Sejji...
Why are you so lovely, cute and pretty even when looking at a woman? Hyunmu, I’m in love with you at first glance! I'll just go
I really hate fat pigs. Pigs of all ages are disgusting.
I wish they would stop calling me idiots and change the members. I'm so fed up with all 6 of them. If they've done that much, they should just step down. I think it's good for shameless people.
Then Bogum is lonely...
Jung Hae-in has drawn the line now, right...he's Yejin-unni's car?ㅠㅠ
Roh Moo-hyun. You can't touch Kim Dae-jung's Sewol Ferry, and you can swear at Syngman Rhee, Park Chung-hee, and Chun Doo-hwan. What are the standards???
I think Mina and Philip's marriage itself is like a crime~~What is Philip's life like?~~~
Elijah Lee is attractive
I lost interest in the show after Shin Jung-hwan appeared on it.
No, even if Sakura came in first place, there is only a 30-vote difference between her and Kwon Eunbi, who came in fourth place. Don't make it seem like some idiot has conquered the Earth.... Even though it was only the idiots who flocked to the polls, the vote was very fair.
Now that there are no people coming out, it's all just the same old people... Let's stop now... How long are we going to keep doing this?
Lee Ji-ah, no matter what she fixed or did, she is really pretty. What can I say... it feels a bit mysterious?
Kim Hee-ae's acting is so bad
What a strange year.
The bride looks very charming.
I think I gained a little weight because I'm pregnant, but I actually look good~~
Jinyoung, I hope you can beat our song's magician lYG Haengning~ Haengnim~
These days, there is no one who gets married and doesn't go out and earn money and doesn't participate in raising children at home.
Catching up with Ahn Hee-jung?? If I lie just once, I can become like Ahn Hee-jung?
Is theater also acting, John? I am acting intentionally, bragging and feeling embarrassed. The same goes for musicals. That's ridiculous
Why, raise your child well? It’s pathetic.
She has a really beautiful face and I'm really jealous that she's so smart.
Park Hye-mi is also at fault. She should contact her husband frequently to see if he has been drinking and call a substitute.
Let’s be careful about Jeolladian
who are you????
We should meet naturally.. In this day and age, meeting in public is not fun.
The kid is trying to win with some kind of sad song. It's ridiculous.
Yes, it’s pretty..
It only seems like they are flocking together to kill one person. Even if they apologize, they are just insulting each other.
Ladies in their 30s, stop making food.
Who is this dog?
Elijah Lee is a true beauty. Kim Tae-hee’s level of beauty.
Hyuna hitting on Sunmi
It's getting steamy again haha.
Kangta, GD, Hero, Jaejoong, Top, BTS, Donghae, Leeteuk, Siwon, only the kids are good looking and have good visuals.
Get married, your relationship is over anyway.
I wonder if they canceled it because it was dangerous... There are so many comments~ Hyuna♡ I always support you^^
Okay, so stay quiet...
I feel sorry for Kim Heung-guk. It really seems like someone is doing it on purpose because something keeps popping up.
The second child is not a multiple child.
Kim Go-yeon is really pretty and consistent.. ^^
In the old days, Daegu women supported their bodies with jjang-ppal, and that's why Park Chung-hee, a bastard with jjang-i, was born. Daegu people are descendants of jjang-ppal.
Unpopular kids' popularity is rising rapidly by acting on TV shows.
The fans say it's okay, but who are the fans that aren't okay? Are you talking about the reporter himself?
Yoo Jae-seok's professional martial arts was abolished, Running Man was abolished, but he overturned it and put Jeon So-min in and revived the article, and the fight was abolished, but he added Eom Hyun-kyung and revived the article, and again without Eom Hyun-kyung... abolition is the answer.
Judge Jo A-ra, please come to your senses. This is the 4th time you have been caught. Are you going to excuse me because it is the same woman?? I need at least a minimum prison sentence to come to my senses...
Haha, Hyuna, you said you really don’t like sexy things? But what I do every day is sexy clothes, facial expressions, and dancing!
By face, by song, by acting, just by height
This guy, he always makes money in every interview. Follow the example of Yang Hee-eun. Everyone has a hard time making a living, but people who make a lot of money come out on TV, so they keep making money. It makes ordinary people feel weak.
Her name is female and she looks like Gigibe.
Han Go-eun, I didn't see you on variety shows after the dream, but I'm glad to see you~~ Fighting^^
I feel a bit sad because Gwang-soo feels like he's just a plaything..
I completely dislike the opposing coach.
Now believe in God and go to heaven
The past is just the past.. I love this song~ Cheer up!
Since I live in material abundance... I don't look away... I always called Mrs. Won a monster. Totally annoying
They say Jang Yoon's government has a lot of money, so they came out to show off the old entertainment show and boasted about the Monnan siblings. You can see the arrogant Jang Yoon Jung on TV.
When a man enters a woman's house: She insults her for bringing a stranger. When a woman enters a man's house: She swears that she went to a man's house. They go around saying they are sex offenders haha. The reaction of ‘some’ men is surprising. Low intelligence level
It's not a show. If I were an ordinary person, I would be in jail.
Well, I need to work well at night... just to lose weight...
Life on Mars has the highest viewership ratings because it's the same story every day. Public broadcasters, how long will we keep filming the worst dramas? It’s a waste of the license fee ㅡㅡ
Are all young actors in Korea dead? How long will Gong Hyo-jin appear in romance movies? Will she appear in romance movies even after she turns 60?
I'm remarried, but is this my first time having a child? LOL
Do we even need to know that a foreigner died? He's also a guy who makes music.
Is divorce coming? Why are you suddenly putting it on the screen? Shameless woman is putting Lee Sang-min through a lot of trouble.
I don't know about acting, but the visuals match really well. They were pretty and cool. Crown Princess and Muyeon.
Lee Pil-mo is not liked. Too much. I feel sorry for Seo Su-yeon.
What kind of father's name is that lol? I was just scared so I called my child whom I miss the most. The packaging was done lol.
I gave you Saemaeul Restaurant, run by Baek Jong-won. Disappointing hygiene taste poor service. Don’t worry about your own store, tsk tsk
Honestly, it was more fun when Noh Hong-chul, Kim Gwang-gyu, and Rose Inn vocalist (I can't remember their names) appeared.
This combination suits you
Ugh, there is no leniency... Look at the human head.,
Baek Jong-won, stop broadcasting and go about your business. I want to attract attention to whether or not I monopolize the alley market by handing it over to franchise wholesalers.
It was really cute when it was crawling haha.
Kim Soon-ok, the master of extreme dramas regardless of genre, I respect you. I watched the rerun several times on purpose. Stop coming out, you trash writer. I have nothing to watch because of you. Stop quitting, you trash broadcasting company.
No, Jin-woo should be in Geum Dong-hyun’s place??
As expected, the difference between a woman before and after dressing up is like heaven and earth... A true beauty shines even if she only wears jeans and a cheap cotton t-shirt.
Why are you going to end the broadcast after eating 18? Just eat alone and don't broadcast it. You will get a face and then you will die.
It seems like it's getting more and more fun
Han Hye-jin can't even be a DJ. She's ignorant and doesn't really suit Hyun-moo.
Hannams, please.. stop the malicious comments.. Why do you keep hitting the bottom?
What kind of pain does it hurt to lose to someone who gave you nothing? Of course, it's true that Goh Goh-hwan did something wrong, but... I can just imagine it, and he asked in a blunt and soft voice, "Are you and me close? We're not that kind of relationship. He must have been condescending.. It's not like you put a wound on anywhere."
What kind of rare lewd woman are you talking about? It's not like she played around with many men. It's a pitiful role.
I'm the best mom~
It's pretty so understand
Sunjae, please stop watching porn.
People who are public figures come out and pretend to be innocent while getting divorced easily. This is why our ancestors shed tears of blood.
Originally from a family with a silver spoon, she had to stand out. If this actress were like that, she would have ranked first in real time.
Marriage is so important that it can be said to be a human relationship... It's not a child's play, and it's really absurd...
If your thighs are stepped on, they turn into Gangnam bean powder.
I feel sorry for Kang Dan’s daughter. He sent her to a foreign country. It’s a losing love affair.
I don't know about that, but I hate to see this idiot suddenly acting out.
It's not just politicians' children who have a problem with job requests.. It's so easy to become a broadcaster.
I got pregnant while preparing for the wedding... It feels a bit strange to see that she suddenly announced her marriage through her own words... First of all, marriage and pregnancy deserve to be celebrated. I wish I could be a little more honest...
Hahaha, it's a precious thing hahahaha
Hong Jin-kyung ~~ A lump of pretense
cute couple
Iga is really good at cooking haha.
I know you ran only forward for the sake of your fans during those difficult times! Kang Daniel, don’t worry, we’re still here! I want to see the stage quickly, so show me the stage quickly and be cool like Kang Daniel!
Chaewon, please appear on Rainbow Live..
Ah... hey... yes... that's right, it can't all be good... sometimes my dark side is like this!! I guess I wanted to leave something like this...
Is it just a matter of paying back the money? Since you haven't paid back for 8 years, take at least 8 years of self-reflection.
I wish I could at least do some broadcasting and be considered a celebrity.
If we cry again, the Chaeyeon Act will be passed. A law prohibiting access within 10 meters of minors under the age of 15.
You two are dating well, so why are you making such a fuss haha? It's a special feature in our country, really.
Reminds me of Song Joong-gi~~
You can't read the times and you're going in the opposite direction..
When a man sees a young woman, he wants to touch her and do something to her, that's what the world is like.
Wow, the yg class is immutable, responding quickly only to TMI that is completely unrelated to the essence of the incident.
Let’s investigate Moon Jae-ang first.
What are the people who say prostitution is a crime but pretend that the defamation and insults they make through malicious comments are not a crime? It's like a republic of Naeronambul.
Somehow, I paid off that much debt in two years... and it took me four months...
So, will Seo Hyun-jin serve? Baek Jin-hee is already the main character. Don't be aggro.
Let’s not watch the performance ㅠ
Today, Park Hyo-seop said that Yu-ha is his daughter, and later, Jung Eun-tae will say that Eun-soo is his daughter. The theme of this drama is daughter-ming out.
Our selection had a body as sensational as its name... Especially the milk factory was amazing... Even now, just imagining it... Ugh~~~ It's hot.
Wow, you two were joking.
I'm sure another article will come out soon... I guess that's what happens when you're immature when you're young.
Your face won't look like that if you gain weight... isn't it Botox??
You don't even know you're embarrassed. Because of you, SES's image has been ruined and I feel sorry for your family.
Haha, TV Chosun is an angel. You can take 50 percent, but 25 percent is a blessing.
Why did you stop me? Even if it were, you would hear Han Nam-chung..
If you don't want to see it, just don't watch it. Why bother watching it and not being immersed in it? LOL. If you don't like it that much, become a writer yourself.
You should watch a drama as a drama. I don't understand why they talk about politics. If you don't want to watch it, don't watch it.
The Republic of Korea is no longer a safe and secure country. This incident has made the Republic of Korea unstable.
It's the rice and the herbs, so let's go together.
You two were so pretty. I always support you~ Cheer up!!!
It's okay if you don't see it, but we, the pigs and dogs, are so excited to find it and play it haha.
I like Jang Yun-jeong~ I like that unique nasal voice. May you continue to prosper~~
Been in a relationship for 20 years? too long.
It's all good, but don't work for a place like Namyang Dairy Products.
Don't live a low-class life that only focuses on money like others. Happiness is not based on money, so be thankful for the little things and always be filled with good things.
Let's live hard so that we don't hear people calling us trash until we're over 50.
Namgoong Min is the modern version of Zhuge Gong. I admire it again and again.
Girls!!! Honestly, you wish E’Dawn was your real brother, right?
What is professional behavior? If you go around like that, kids will follow you. Behave properly.
Kim Seong-gu's wife eats a lot of boiled fish. What if she wasn't dead?
Ah, I don’t like Ryu Jun-yeol.
It's all good. Namyang Dairy Products Social Contribution Team ㅜㅜㅜㅜ. What you did was really great. It's that woman's lifesaver. I could have been raped and murdered...but Namyang Milk ㅜㅜ
The late President Roh Moo-hyun, who committed suicide after taking a bribe, must be watching from Owl Rock in Bongha Village.
It doesn't look pretty...
I don't really look at my surroundings, I just walk around pretending to be pretty and arrogant, and it's ugly. I go to a foreign country and look at furniture... I don't understand.
It hurt because it hurt. You also had plastic surgery. Let's not lie. They think the public is stupid...—
These kids are all like this. It must be hard to look like that. Are they celebrities?!!!!!
There are so many clothes in the world, but I don't know why people make such a fuss by wearing them.
If I don't put on makeup, I look like a digemo.
In my mind, I think the people who have forgotten about Burning Sun, Kim Hak-ui, etc. and focused on themselves are acting like dogs and pigs, right?
Give some space to those who don't respect their elders! Are only pregnant women having a hard time? Feminists are really disgusting.
I hope Jo Min-ah recovers her health. She said she lost weight because she was sick, so I'm really worried, even though she has nothing to do with me.
What is Chu? Haha. Is it Pikachu?
Are you still weak?
Hahaha. Those who swear, who has lived their whole life without swearing? Everything about it is uncomfortable~~~~
A man with a big face found a beautiful woman. Are you rich?
Aren’t celebrities supposed to like it when they get cameras on them? LOL
This is true. .,.. Why are you doing this? It's the reporter who writes it as Yeon-yen catship again.
I'm the only one who doesn't know who it is.
Sani hyung, I support you. Don’t worry, you’ve never met a woman in your life.
Don't criticize other people's travels. What's wrong with going on a family trip? It's really crazy Korea.
Don't use Chinese-made charcoal. Don't make a mess of it and make your family suffer. It's cleanly made domestically.
I felt sorry for humans. I thought it was a disease, so I wore an electronic anklet and received treatment. I consulted with Wang Jin-jin and said, “It’s not a bigger sin than Gya.”
Yes, I don’t want to see it because of IU.
I think it's okay to pin April's Lee Na-eun, she's so good♡
As long as those left-wing celebrities don't change their regime, I have to keep watching them.
It doesn't matter if Yang Jun-il is popular or not... But that doesn't mean he's openly broadcasting plagiarized songs...
Shut up, Lee Ryun. I think you did the most
Isn’t it reckless to leave without permission during a golf tournament?? It's not an individual match, it's a team match.
I hope Chungjae does better too.
Hong Jin-young, what is wrong with the crazy comments~!! You look great working hard in your field~!! I think surviving like this is a lot of hard work.
Who asked you to take it off? I put it up for you to see, but why are you looking at it? Then, what are you saying? Girls these days are out of their minds.
Anyone interested in these guys these days~!?
Weren't you dating? Anyway, congratulations.
Did this couple also receive sponsorship ignorance? They are publishing almost as many articles as an unknown idol singer getting married haha
Moya Crush is so cool... I should sleep while listening to the song.
Wasn’t Kim Hak-rae a married man at the time? That's how he remembers it, so he's a concubine. OOO appears on TV and it's disgusting
Well, he's good-looking, but isn't this a dangerous statement? If men say that a young girl is pretty, they'll jump up.
Are you taking care of dead people... without any sense?
She's prettier than the clumsy girls in girl groups.
Why Kim Chung-jae!! Is this something that keeps coming up?? Either get rid of I Live Alone or completely change the cast. I don’t think there’s anything to worry about anymore.
It's crazy how amazing it is that you struggle to postpone your enlistment by doing everything you can until you're 29, and then you have no choice but to be taken away.
I saw the two of them drinking at a bar in Yeonnam-dong about a year ago, but it's only now that the article has surfaced.
The girl who fell in love with Jang Seong-gyu in Knowing Brothers haha.
I think your daughter will be very pretty. Enjoy parking as a family.
I support One Table. It's beautiful to see that even though you're being criticized and having a hard time, you're trying to take advice and do it. It's going to be okay. go for it!!
Is this the missing body?
Everything is a fire. Since yesterday, only real prosecutors have been ordered.
Why don't you grab everything, baduk, and billiards? Why are you writing articles like this and why are you leaving out observations?
It is not good to keep making news about group chat content. Like Seungri said, isn’t that also a personal information leak?
Just looking at it, Moon Jae-Ang exploded to cover up the incident. It's dirty. Moon Jae-Ang.
I don't understand people who find this funny.
I don't care if you attempted suicide or not.
It’s perfect for 52 kg~~~
Maybe it's a bitch, but Lee Da-hae is the winner, not the winner haha.
Don't you have a baby? After all, he is childless. Look at Kim Won-hee, he works all the time.
What is Esther's confidence? Haha, if it were me, I would freeze, but I was impressed when I saw her sing voluntarily. Haha, I knew for the first time that Esther was Moon Dan-seol's daughter. Harley's son is also shy, but she looks good.
I want to have a different bank account than everyone else and have a normal personal life... Have you ever thought about giving up an ordinary life from the moment you decided to live as a celebrity and started as a trainee?
The guy who didn't give it to me properly is also a problem. It's been 5 years and I don't want to look at it, so it's a problem with the year.
Did the Korean gold medalist have to marry his wife in this situation to feel relieved?
I'm so sad that Iron Man and Natasha are dying.
To be honest, I don't understand 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th place were better.
The common denominator of nutritional food between baby and father = Mom Jjijji
There are only very young kids. It's fun.
I wonder if I married my mother-in-law. My mother-in-law is too strong. Don't show too much. Try living for 3 years. There was another deaf and blind person. I heard that my mother-in-law doesn't even eat spinach.
There are a lot of pro-Japanese people.
My sister is a double idiot. What are you doing just to be comfortable? If you feel sorry even now, go to the Han River.
Fun ㅠㅠ
If the men and women were swapped, mask thumpers would come rushing in, saying it would be a piece of cake lol.
Shin Hae-cheol is important, but it is even more difficult because his patients suddenly disappeared from the hospital because of this incident.
The smoke was like water!!!! The voice was like honey!!!!
The Prodigal Boys... don't care... Even if they don't want to break up, they inevitably have to break up in front of the group... I thought about disbanding, but I wanted to say it, and I have no intention of doing so.
If you look closely, he is not handsome.
You hate Japan, but you really like Japanese AV? As expected, uncivilized Korean men
They just look like the Helljudge team. They got dumped by that guy this year and got scolded on March 30th, 2019, so they came drinking beer and wearing glossy jumpers with Helljwi fans haha.
I don't like all the performers haha ​​Gwang-gyu's entertainment is boring, it's not funny and the gags are boring. Lee Min-jung hates Lee Byung-hun and I don't like Andy, a foreign worker who didn't go to the military, so the rest is okay haha. The material is boring.
Snow itself is correction, right? lol
No, Kim Do-gyun kept giving love to Jang-mi, and Oh Young-joo also gave love to Lee Gyu-bin, but why are they only saying things to Hyun-woo and Hyun-ju?
Kian is the funniest
What is that? He really looks like a man in crossdressingㅡㅡ He was really pretty when he first appeared in the CF... He was prettier than a woman.
Nana and Clara are the prettiest in Korea. Why are there so many malicious comments???
Crazy...what can a kid with a smooth face say?
In New Journey to the West, where Lee Soo-geun appears, the people who take good care of themselves pretend to be awake here haha.
No matter how much you take care of yourself, getting older is inevitable. Try to look younger. Can you go back in age? Do you want to look 20 or 30 even when you're 60 or 70? Are you living under the illusion?
No, it wasn't forced, the women gave it to me so I ate it, so what's the problem?
If you're a rapper, you just have to be good at rapping, and if you're a singer, you just have to be good at singing. Because you're trying to play politics with a head that doesn't work. That's not possible... Look at the current senior singers Kim Jong-kook and Baek Ji-young. He overcame the deathly pain and rose again through singing.
I will definitely wait for Mudo. I hope the day when Jaeseok shouts out Infinite Challenge comes quickly~
The people of Jeolla-do did not cheat Bruno, but what are they doing by insulting Jeolla-do? They live dirty lives.
By our age, if you're 30, you're a dead woman.
Ha Jung-woo's girlfriend in Beastie Boys
Park Bo-gum church search^-^
Gangnam big girls, ruin it!
At a sushi restaurant, they even order udon for 9,900 won~~~~~♡
Still, I will believe it
If it was sexual assault, why didn't you report it at the time and are making such an uproar now? It really varies.
There is no use regretting it until after your mother dies. Please be kind to me while she is still alive. Miu, Gouna, and Yoonjeong, this is the mother who gave birth to you.
I've been keeping an eye on Sohee Yoon since she was a rookie, but I never thought she would be a more humble and pretty actress... I can't help but like her more...
This person lost his life and this woman made money.
It doesn't make sense for the two of them to be lovers anymore, let alone the fact that the other person is Bogum.
Why on earth do I need to know this? Is there nothing you can do about it?
What should I do, these ladies, raising my blood pressure in the early morning hahahaha
Are the comments here made by other fans? Or are they just fake fans doing fandom? They thought it was the right time and gathered together all the haters. These are the people who will hide like they are dead if someone complains about the malicious comments.
Let's pay off the daughter-in-law's debt and get some favors from her parents-in-law.
Are you missing? We met after 15 days? lol
I like Kang Ki-Young and Gong Hyo-Jin, but... the Masquerades will gradually become overflowing with promotional guests for movies and dramas... it's a disaster.
Who is this again?
It's a meeting between a rapper and an actor.
More than half of the comments are women in their 30s... It looks like they have nothing to do.
What should I do, do I move or do something?
That fool... he's so arrogant... I feel sorry for him. Arrest him and sentence him to death.
The country is in shambles because of Moon Jae-Ang, and now it's a shame that it's the world's best.
This time, it seems like a proper target, not a senior citizen preferential treatment (weekend drama, daily drama, father/mother role in epic drama).
Stop it~~ I think it’s shameful.. I’m worried that my children will follow suit..
Don't you hang out with friends? Your reaction is too much. You two look good together.
The conclusion is that I ate a lot..
Jeongjun is so annoying.
Hwang Minhyun’s entertainment outings are always welcome! I love sweet Hwang Minhyun so much
It's a waste of two pretty genes. I hope the beautiful second generation comes quickly~~~~~
I am a person whose speaking level is a bit low.
Oh, her smile is so pretty and humorous~ I watched the broadcast of So Yi-hyun boxing with her father, and I thought she grew up with a lot of love and is bright and healthy!^0^ I guess the child inherited that, right? I love you so much, the scrawny In Gyo-jin haha
It was a fun show for the first time in 10 years, but why did it have to be abolished because of you?
I like it when you buy me good food. I love you, my nephews.
Is it true that beauty radiates from the black and white front?
I'm certified as a leftist.
They're struggling to get criticized againㅡㅡYou're a broadcasting scapegoat...ㅉㅉWill broadcasting like this help your child's middle and high school?? Haha If you want to make it 0.3%, don't do that haha.
Don't make excuses, take care of your own exit. Since the pots are praising you, you know that anything can happen. Why is the song title so long? It's annoying.
There are countries where prostitution is legal, and don't regular men go on trips like that to Thailand or somewhere like that? That's amazing... I didn't rape or use sexual violence, but I'm just being quiet and strict with people like that, so stop it... ...
Because of you, our SHINeeㅜㅜㅜㅠ
Manipulated restaurants.. I think it’s right to abolish them now.
It's like watching a Walt Disney cartoon...
It’s fun, it’s fun!!!
I understand the investigation. I know you're leaving, but... what's the exit? Isn't the title too provocative? It's so bad. Reporter. Shouldn’t you know that you are ruining one person’s life? It is not too late for a title like this to appear after the investigation.
There must have been hundreds of thousands of people across the country who have bought sex, but it doesn't seem like an article that would appear on the main news.
You bastard, you're so good.
Nuclear explosion launched by ㅅㄹ
I'm cursing because I'm jealous ㅠㅠ I'm upset that you're crying. I thought Han Hye-jin was pretty, but I didn't know she would think that herself ㅜㅜ!
I think I have the looks of a 33-year-old this year?? Reporter, are your eyes dim?? Could you please introduce me to an ophthalmologist?
Don't deal with a guy like this. Why is he on real-time search terms? He's just a pretentious drug addict who only plays music.
The only thing I'm curious about is the trash talk. It's a scheme to get people to blame somewhere.
I was surprised and came in thinking it was IZ*ONE's Minjoo, but it turned out to be just an old lady ㅡㅡ
It's a mess so let's not see each other. It's cool
Hidden singer is over... The singer's level has dropped too much compared to before.
It's annoying that the producer is siphoning YouTube content. It's not illegal, but he only promotes his own content and doesn't actually promote the host's page.
Congratulations haha
Let's get married~~~♡♡♡ In this world where there are many people who like superficial things (appearance + money), Se-ah, who has the eyes to choose people based on their heart and personality, is awesome and I envy her.
Isn’t it okay to be active as time goes by? I think I can continue my activities as long as I pay for my sins and don’t do anything in the future. Let's not criticize too much.
Does this mean that he is a manly man? How can he do something like this when he is jealous of a popular friend? Haha, these men try to bury people just because they like him.
People who aren't necessarily big fans of Twitter are always getting more crazy.
Yewon is much younger and much prettier.
I thought it was the annoying female actress Kim Sa-rang.
I hate the female lead and the male lead, you selfish servants.
I really don’t want to see Hyuna.
It's funny to see ladies who normally have no interest in modern art talking about art and literature as if they are masters of art and literature after seeing a bulletproof stage.
YG This year's icon, Big Bang, Winner, Blackpink, is a big hit, so they're flocking to the day Blackpink's billboard comes out... but they're still doing well~~~
Why do other people say this and that about your family life? If you two were ordinary people, you would talk about your ex-wife like that. Should you be criticized just because you are in a relationship or should you insult her? Well, if your family life gets a little worse, you should curse first. You guys, take care of your family.
Somebody thought this guy was singer Lee Ji-hoon
Don't pretend that I'm Jihyo's boyfriend.
Why are you so ugly?
I'm looking forward to it. I hope I can see something cool.
Don't just play around. If you want to be an actor, practice. It's nuclear acting haha.
It seems like Kim Jong-min is always like that....
Lee Guk-ju, Lee Young-ja, Kim Sook, Song Eun-i, Park Na-rae, Shin Bong-seon, Kim Young-hee... who else is there?
Was Madat taken by Moon Jae-in? They are burying their parents alive because they made a mistake, OOOs.
I feel so sorry for my son. I hope you grow up strong...
There are no main characters from Produce 1 and only 1 main character from Wanna One. There are no black people who believe this bullshit, right??
I'm not even curious, but it suddenly pops up
Look at the comment ratio of women in their 40s....
Heat me up haha. Women's hearts today
Should I take a look?
Na Moon-hee, the God of Acting, wins by a landslide
It's not their fault that they ended up like this just because they were rumored to be in a relationship with Park Seo-joon, and even if it's over, they may or may not start dating, but I don't think it's much, but I can't help but feel sorry for them~~
Aren’t you curious about the Americans who abandoned their country?
Isn’t it fun to watch a play? It's not like you have to hold your breath and watch. .. They're arguing over nothing.
It's so unfortunate... I pray that the deceased rest in peace. I hope you protect your parents and child in heaven...
It's so irresponsible. Why don't you die after the play? What's wrong with the hotel?
Congratulations on the grand prize to Gong Hyo-jin~~♡♡
Stop doing this crappy entertainment show. It's entertainment, not just using a restaurant as noise marketing.
Congratulations to Guillaume Petrie, a former protoss legend.
This lawyer seems like a cool person. He may be a bit selfish, but it seems like there are no people like that these days.
Yoon Mirae's talent is such a waste.
I'm worried that kids will see this when I post it.
The higher the ratio of women, the more malicious comments there are.
I wish Big Bang hadn't disbanded. I just like your music, so let me just listen to your music.
This is an urgent matter, but what does a reporter mean to a president? It's not at the same level as Mr. Kim from Burning Sun. Police chief!
So even in the middle of this, you are criticizing Park Han-byul hahaha. You are such a great country.
But is the fact that it was part of Iljin enough to cause such a stir? Isn't that too much of an exaggeration?
Men are very angry. In the eyes of women, Alberto is just a handsome, cool, capable, personable, and smart man^^
Squid rotten smelly bacterial mass kimchi bitches whose only weapon is a pot
What if it's Roh Moo-hyun's silhouette? Is Nom-hyun a god? It's so bad.
I thought Jessie was an American TV actor, but Gabba is no joke.
To say that I have a thirst for acting, I didn't do any work before marriage.
They're all just B-level celebrities that you haven't heard of. It won't be long before they go bankrupt.
I hope you live well and have good results in the future.
As expected, they look just like their mom and dad, so their baby is really pretty~ I hope the three of them live happily and I support them when they come out of Superman in the future! It's amazing that the child is truly a replica of the mother and father.
Everyone's got oil on their stomachs, so these people are damned. Just like North Korea. Thank you. Bow down and eat it.
Women Song Hye-kyo and Hyun Binㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I hope these two meet againㅋㅋㅋ
You two are dating ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ They look good together, I'm so jealous.
I'm not being patronizing, but after reading the full story, it doesn't seem normal for someone to get hurt.
The most vulgar lament saves the world motif
Rather than going to New York University and being looked down on by American aristocrats, it seems like it would be a wiser choice to come to Yonsei University and easily cater to Korean women. Wherever you go in Seoul, your popularity explodes and you are even invited to appear on TV. If you drip well, you can succeed in entertainment.
I first saw Namiko on Yaindae and thought she was a real sushi girl, but I got tired of Japanese female acting.
Park Na-rae is doing well these days, so it seems like her old humble self is no longer visible.
Yes, I am not interested in people who believe in the Salvation Sect. I was a Eugene fan, but I was disappointed.
Jaekyun, did you call the karaoke assistant or not?
It looks like it's big... I'm jealous of Sooyeon...
Haha, you said you quit broadcasting because it was hard to watch, so what is it that you want to eat with your face in peace? Haha.
Is it because I'm really embarrassed by my acting? Hahahahahahahahahaha
All three daughters are very pretty and I think they each have their own charm. It reminds me of the images of the three sisters that I saw somewhere with my dad, and I automatically smile hahaha.
Do you think he could be Yoo Jae-seok?
Women are cursing and saying this is the time lol.
Sat...
Why is your son coming out? You’re such a spineless kangaroo.
“Hey, mom, you don’t like me, right? .....Son??” “Do you think I look funny?”””
Fat and ugly men are not men. A man must always maintain and maintain his beauty to be a true man.
Does the child's existence just disappear? She had no attachment to her children at all... it's bittersweet.
You have gone beyond infinite space...
Choi's are very psychotic and very open about sex.
Ye-eun was born unlucky. Ever since I saw Wonder Girls, I have had an unfavorable opinion of her..
Do you promise to convert to Christianity and get married?
From the beginning. Go Hyun-jung was born with something she didn't have, even her voice and facial expression. He looked strange, like someone on medication...
No no japan!!! Not required
They're just hateful. Son Tae-young and Kwon Sang-woo are so hateful. Son Tae-young is so hateful. It's just everyday life, so why are you posting this? Let's volunteer or donate. It's hard to make a living, but the haters make it even more annoying.
Wow! You're making me do it! The whole country has been deceived by this guy! I really want to rip him to death! Please forcibly summon him and make him spend time on fraud charges, have him return the donations, strip him of his nationality, and impose a ban on him from entering the country! He's such a dog.
Yes, next scam
It's so far away again? It's no fun.
Young-ja Lee is not guilty, but I think it will be very difficult to watch Young-ja Lee's mukbang anymore. It's so uncomfortable. Please get off.
You're so beautiful, you're turning 50 the day after tomorrow?!!
I didn't see it yesterday. I'll have to watch it again. I haven't had anything to watch lately~~
Wow, there are a lot of people who defend it. Hahaha. They also ask minors for their numbers and try to shield them by saying it's a joke, right? Hahaha, there are so many overly immersive craftsmen, really hahaha.
After all, there is no way Jang Moonbok will fall off.
Manager, make sure to only meet publicly.
Eunhye Yoon, you probably didn't wear it like the picture above at the church wedding... If you had any idea, you wouldn't have done that... Please say no...ㅠ
Jung Joon-young may also be being threatened...
Everyone lives without being loved. It makes no sense. It's so pitiful..
Tak Jae-hoon is really funny, but he made a mistake when gambling ㅜㅜ His speaking skills are really great. I want to learn comments like that.
Whether you wear a bra or not is up to you. As long as you don't do anything feminist, you can do whatever you want. no one complains
The lady is calling me out again. Tony Ahn also met Hye Ri. I wonder if someone of the same age would catch his eye. But did he also have a last name, Toh???
Ah...is the current situation in the country...is Naver ranking manipulation?
Jung Hae-in is also great.
I'm not a celebrity anymore...I'm just a dog
I think the duet show is for the K.Will team. It was really disappointing.
But what does Shin So-yul do???
Yoo Jae Suk's fans are going crazy. You guys have no objectivity. That's why you support Yoo Jae Suk unconditionally, which is poisonous.
Riding on his mother’s popularity.. he’s a bastard.. I’m not interested..
I really like Soi-hyeon ^^ It would have been nice if In Gyo-jin had also joined in~~~~
I can see Park Hyung-sik in my wife’s face.
What is it, Ilberto?
Because of the schedule, he withdrew from playing golf and left during the broadcast because he felt dizzy. He was very upset.
I think Mani will be used in a comedy show! I applaud the enthusiasm and passion you showed~~^^I hope you establish yourself as an actor you can trust~~~^^ Fighting
Don't touch Jo Boa, reporter, I'll tear your hair apart ㅡㅡ
Can you sleep when your mother is missing? It's absurd that you're serving food to your daughter without saying a word without holding a ancestral rite. And in the meantime, you're calling Seobang Cha?
These days, there are so many people who have really bad hearts, either because they were born mean... or because they don't have enough time in their lives to be mean. Just looking at the comments here and the number of recommendations for those mean comments, it's true...there is no answer.
Opening the bonnet, bending over and looking at the engine room, I wanted to take off the belt right at the back. Of course, I wanted to take off the fan belt.
He caused a drinking scandal at the Asian Cup hahahaha that's all I can think of.
Looks like you guys have nothing better to do... Let's think about your lives properly before you find fault and try to change things around...
Abolish alley restaurants
If you keep watching, you will understand.
My younger husband and 'nii' ㅠ Ah~ Choo Ja-hyun... I wake up alone...
I can't get over it in the end. Hiding and ignoring it isn't the best solution. If you can't speak, you have to try harder to improve. I guess the intention of appearing on TV in the first place was to promote the store. A timid and servile person showed courage.
Ilbe bugs appear here too,,,What is Naver doing without cracking down on bugs,,,The comment window is a mess,,,
Kyeongjun, if you don’t listen to your wife, beat her up.
I remember it being shorter than me, but why is it 182??? Are you kidding me??
Even though they said they weren't broadcasting, they stood like an old guy at Sechskies' performance... Looks like you're having fun these days~~~
Anyway, under IU
I live alone, please come back ㅠㅠ
It would be fun if Lee Sang-min or Shin Jeong-hwan come in.
Choi Myung-gil dragged Kim So-yeon as mother and daughter, and I thought it was a supporting role for Kim Hae-sook, but she showed off her acting potential with a dark setting. Hae-suk Kim is crying again. This time, let's get Kim Hae-sook as the grand prize winner.
I gave my body~ I gave my heart~ I gave my love~ The woman who was abandoned, the woman who is happy because she has a lot of debt~~
Since Jeongjun liked it, I seemed to have a strong feeling that I liked it too. What about Oppa? Me too...you look impatient...wearing a dress...
It's just propaganda to get attention. Responding is foolish.
It feels so cute, pretty and elegant.
This is Eom Bok-dong, the king of bicycles!!!
They say there is order in life, but there is no order in life...
I was a husband who was not loved as a woman his whole life and only turned to the outside world, but those tears were just for the camera. Of course, women don't shed tears.
They say the bulging eyes have been cured due to hyperthyroidism. The disease must have swollen his face, but it's all gone.... Is there even plastic surgery for the eyes??
Even now, it's enough to melt men's hearts.
Personally, this style looks cheap... It seems to match Sky Castle's intellectual style... This looks like a bar girl.
i envy you. I also live in that house with Soganji... It's so cool.
Cheer up, let’s only walk on the flower path, Junhee, your mom is watching from the sky, so stay strong!
I heard Cube has a lot of in-office relationships?
Oh my gosh, please cheer up, Imbley, who is absolutely rotten and has no benefit in dealing with people.
I'm going to have a good time with the concept of silver anchovies.
It won't be fun~~
A professional who can see domestic patients with vascular disease!!
The top doesn't suit Song Jjijil. It's because of her that I got on the express train. Song Jjijil is no longer running the express train. Get off~~haha.
No one is interested, so why do you keep coming out wearing a mask as a mystical singer? LOL
He's ugly!
In the next world, I will be born in that body............................
They say the success of a drama means dating rumors, but they did something like this again to cover up Rep. Roh Hoe-chan's death!
Soooo new ooo kid is 19 years old? I'm not kidding. Let's not play with the food we eat.
Only Lee Jong-seok is cool and I can't see Na-young Lee. She looks like an old lady.
Those who incite plagiarism are defamation. Each song, lyrics, and 9 albums of Seo Taiji's album are proof that he did not plagiarize. Just casually saying it as if it is the truth and criticizing it is trampling on the musician's blood, sweat, and tears.
Aren’t the kites also wrong? Is it normal for you to go to a man's house to have a drink that night? Please make it public so you guys can't date and get married for the rest of your life!
Just use it up and die, respect is useless.
If you're sorry, you'll die
Everything seems like a pretense, there is no sincerity.
Whether it's sincere or not, I change the channel when I hear things about people I'm not interested in.
Dotae girls are having group menstruation now☆
I wonder why stars don't appear on Las Vegas. In an attempt to start a fight, the MCs blurted out words that were said casually during the pre-interview and were amplified. And if a controversy arises, there is no editing, it is just sent out.
Actor Ji has come to Korea far away.
Whenever a pretty celebrity comes out, there are always comments like this... Don't doubt it's science.
Chungcheongbuk-do, Chungnam-do, Chungcheong-do Animal Kingdom
In the end, it is not Ilbe's babble that the world recognizes, but Bong Joon-ho, Song Kang-ho, Kim Yuna, and BTS. The so-called leftists you call. Realize that your thoughts are lagging behind the world's standards.
Song Joong-ki’s face became pale.
You too, stop tearing your mouth. Are you a female private?
That woman is a complete idiot. She's a bitch, she's in trouble because she messed up
Let’s bury that bastard.
Maybe it's because of Han Ji-min's voice, but it doesn't sound feminine... It doesn't suit romance...ㅠ
Trot Empress Song Ga-in~~♡♡
Don’t just respect me with words, put it into practice, Jaedong-a Myungsoo.
Be sure to get a paternity test... We can't ignore the possibility that an outside guest visited.
Look at the ladies getting angry lol. Have those people harmed you in any way? Don't worry about other people's lives and take care of yourself^^
Please upload some pictures... It's perfect for getting criticized... Now that you're a mother, take care of yourself... Are you bored all the time???
I called Jung Hae-in's agency, but they said they never asked for it to be published on Naver's main page. It's just that reporters brought it up. They didn't call and tell them to take it down. Since he's so popular, there are a lot of haters.
I don't know anything else, but it looks a little dirty when Superviso keeps appearing on Show Me.
RG: If a woman is older, the divorce rate is higher?
Hexadecimal characters appeared.
is it? Is this something to be so upset about? You trolls are always angry, so you're a good prey. I actually find it strange that Baek Jong-won keeps getting angry at that woman. I think they laid out a script for this woman to go with this concept.
When you got caught with T.O.P., it was reported that you were a trainee. Why didn't you correct it then?
She's a woman with a lot of problems.
Oh Chang-seok and Lee Chae-eun move according to the scripted script^^
Is this what some of the comments say?? Are you doing this because you’re jealous? If we were to date, Han Hyo-joo would be 10 times more of a waste.
No, if Seol and Jin-woo are doing well, Taerang will have a hard time as a friend... There will be no need for an actor named Yoon Park... Therefore, Seol-a and Jin-woo can't continue.
I thought you were a good Japanese actor, but you are amazing!
It's a wonder he's alive. Simon D is almost 40 years old, but he went missing when he was young.
I like Boom... There are many people who gamble, including Tony, Shin Hye-sung, Andy, and Lee Soo-geun, but the public seems to be the only one who doesn't forgive Boom...
Hyeonmu, from now on, please meet women separately.
I heard you got the flu.. I made a big deal out of it.
But the comment was cute? Rather than saying something unpleasant
Men live alone, Joa Joa
I've been feeling this for a while, but my eldest sister's way of speaking is obnoxious. She said she's a psychiatrist, and her tone of speaking is disgusting.
Yeoju is really ugly. She must feel like serving Seo Kang-jun.
The blurry concept was annoying, but anyway, good acting, Yonggong Hyojin, and I know you are also best friends, so the atmosphere on set must be nice.
Yoona, Gaseung, D cup will be fine.
Look at the comments of those who can't get married haha.
I guess I'm not happy. Haha. Money is good.
Dessert is also a related business.
You're trying so hard to change your image that I posted an article, but I ended up getting one.
The scene in the rain is so obvious it’s not funny haha.
Is it still a concert if the singer is missing? It's like having a concert with Taeyeon missing from Soshi. Refund the sold tickets and cancel the ticket. The fans are being treated like crap.
Are there any fans?????? Unheard of
After seeing how you live, I truly hate the style you live.
Yeah, you're so pretty, right?
These days, there are so many useless broadcasts like this. When you change the channel, they come on again as if they are competing with other channels. Get your mind off the terrestrial general broadcasters, fuck.
I came here after seeing the photo in Kim Go-eun's article.. . Much more beautiful ^^
I'm on the side of Jeong Eun-tae... Hwang Dong-ju is an annoying character. lame
Is it okay for me to appear on TV and say something like this? Is Kim Hak-rae living alone without a family? And do we, who know nothing, have the right to call others trash? It would be better for Kim Hak-rae to admit that he was wrong as well. I don't know what the circumstances were, but he clearly made a mistake.
I don't know what's going on. I've been watching it without skipping a single episode for a while. I hope it's really annoying. Is there anyone who's going to come out? I heard it's the worst, so I won't watch it and just do shit among myself.
Thank you for taking care of it haha
If you look at the reviews posted, they say they don't cook and only serve and work at the counter.
It's so pretty, really
Why do celebrities never apologize for making a fool of themselves by saying it's not true? That's worse!
The male lead and female lead... are very moody...
I understand, but after an accident. Player life. It's over
I guess I'm old...
Dog and pig Minguk, I’m going to go again haha.
Lee Soo-geun, a sex offender, should not appear on broadcasts. Even more so, programs involving children should not appear. Are you going to teach children about sexual assault?
Jeong Doo-hong is famous for his personality.
I don't like it, but I hope you take good care of yourself because you're sick.
The root of all evil is feminists.. There would be a lot of people who would have lived happily if feminists didn't exist. I support you.
Changed from 19 to 15 and got rid of it...
I’m looking forward to a beautiful ending. I want to see you soon.
He's much better than Jung Hae-in.
It's a repetition of controversy and explanation every time...
You haters. It was so ugly. Don't think about pouring cold water on other people's efforts. Just look at yourself.
What is it? So Yu-jin looks like a high school student. She is becoming more and more refreshing.
I heard that Byul and Han Su-min are close... Yoo Yoo Sang-jong
What the heck, this couple is so weird
I have to act like a melodrama with Seohyun, but it's enough to make me vomit.
I can’t sleep ㅜㅜ I’m ruined going to work tomorrow.
Do I even need to know the news about Taiwanese kids?
It seems that Hye-kyo is not satisfied with just one man.. It seems right for Hye-kyo to be in a relationship every time she works on a project.. What a difference in personality she has with Joong-ki...
It's fun and immersive, but there are a lot of people who are too sarcastic. It's just fun as a drama.
Wow, I believe it and see it.
Oh Chang-seok couple is fun^^♡
That's what happens because they pay too much for appearances. Dogs can't stop pooping...
I can’t get over Youn’s Restaurant! Oh well, Taeho smells like a dog...
I also hate Moon Jae-in
Payment. Self-employed people go through a lot of hardships, so why do they do it for fun? It's a show I didn't watch anyway.
Celebrity military privileges are still the same. Where does a private come out to present an award?
Be good at baseball, you bastard.
omg! What is the comment? Just by looking at it, Park Seong-gwang's personality is obvious, but since it's a TV show, can't you see that he's putting up with some pretense?
It's getting more and more
Even though they were born in an accident, the two of them are ugly.
Melon is out of the charts. May the deceased rest in peace.
Divorcee Oh Jeong-yeon and Kangta are not compatible. Oh Jeong-yeon looked too high...
I don't know who the actor is more than my husband.. haha
It's so funny because I don't have a draft lol.
Han Hyo-joo has a nice personality, but... what's wrong with her? The two go well together.
The three Missys were like the Three Musketeers‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
She looks like an A-level bar girl who asked a man well. If I were really tall, I would host. They say his face resembles Matsumoto Jun and Hwang Chan-sung.
Damn... ㅠㅠ
I want to marry a woman. I want to feel a sense of conquest by tormenting her all the time.
IU is so mean. She's trying to use Sulli's death to become popular.
The man didn't seem to have any ability, but Yulhee, who has three kids, is like a woman over 30 at that age.
Well, plastic surgery is something you do if you like it, but 2 carat diamonds, 3 carats, 4 carats... just try living, it's all useless.
I'm crying left and right. I'm tired.
Gyeonghoonie, hard at work, pretty, friendly, good at cooking, prosper, honey, run, honey.
You too will be gone soon, why are you crying?
I want to sue you, Jungkook, I really want to beat you up, don’t you think so? Do you think you can do whatever you want with Gukbbong? The guy who always wears a mask to the airport doesn't even wear a mask when he hangs out. It's really sad, Jungkook.
I'm a fan! congratulations! It's a wonderful wedding~^^
Pig Joy's face is all messed up, not only her facial expressions, but also her vocalizations and pronunciation are all slurred, and I hate the way her eyes open with tears in her eyes.
Who are you both?
I heard that even a bad job is like this.
Shin Seong-rok seems to be good at acting. I even dislike Shin Seong-rok when I see his character in the drama. He acts so well that I even dislike the actor, but the drama is so boring that I can't watch it after watching just one episode. I guess the reason Shin Seong-rok's personality seems dirty is because he's good at acting, right? Amazing clap clap clap clap
Wow, why at such a young age?
Reporter Angban, why are you posting the word ‘luxury’ and making the good Lee Jin get criticized for what is wrong? I made a mistake!
You caught the concept in a strange way, Jongjin..
Show Me reruns are more fun
Lee Yeon-hee's pretty face was done by a hungry human~ Lee Yeon-hee is not only pretty, but she's also kind. It's so pretty that you don't care if it gets ruined? Haha
Okmelgal kimchi dare to let Henny, who is full of Hannam blood... Look at the noodles you grind hahaha How dare you let him go
The riverside is much worse than I thought!
