
I'm playing ㅡㅡㅋ I didn't even take care of it, but I remember it well when I was alive.
I came out uninvited, enjoyed it, and then went back in... two years...
I went to Gangnam with my friend and fucked him.
Strangely, I ended up rooting for Daya.
It looks like the foolish government is going to mess up again this time... Are they a group of retarded people?
Don't mess with Hyuna, Cube shoes... These are things you couldn't raise as an artist.
Now, I think it would be a good idea to use the word voluptuous.
You girls who write malicious comments, you are also criminals. If you don't want to be seen, please don't pay attention and be indifferent. Why did you bother to come and write malicious comments? No matter what they've done, the fact that the comments you wrote are malicious comments doesn't change. There are too many people who don't know how scary malicious comments are.
Some people can't even eat rice and kimchi properly. When I was gorging on half a container of kimchi, you were like swallowing sewage sewage whole. You were picking something up every time you took a break. I can't even think about it⁉️⁉️⁉️
Cha Ye-ryun is still pretty and pretty~
IZ*ONE acknowledges that Suzaku is a good person.
In reality, he is a person who was kicked and ruined by a spider haha. The King of Baji Singer is also full of Lee Seok-hoon's skills, but the fact that a kid like this has 6 wins means that the lineup is embarrassing. Lee Seok-hoon and Kyuhyun, too, have 5 wins and 6 wins.
I guess he asked me to write an article because he had a heart attack. It's clear that he made a bad choice because he was suffering from hardships in life. ㅜㅜAnyway, I pray that the deceased rest in peace.
What about in bed?
Not interested haha ​​If it was on terrestrial TV, I would have gotten more criticism, right?
10+8 Really compared to Lee Seung-gi
About 2,000 tickets for the fan meeting have not been sold, so buy your tickets quickly!
Megal is mentally ill
I really liked Ocean's song.
I support you both, fighting!!!
Even though Choi Ji-woo was pregnant, she still looked elegant. It reminded me of an old drama and it was still funny haha.
Ah, the couple is so sweet, it feels like my heart is being bombarded~ Oh Chang-seok is great, the visuals are the best today.. The sincere confession at the baseball stadium was also completely heart-pounding, this guy is so sweet.. Ah, the couple is so lovely and pretty. I hope they have a good relationship until the end~^^
Wasn’t he related to the club or something with Seungri, the guy from Korea like X? But won’t those who wander around in and out of the entertainment industry get kicked out of the entertainment industry? Do female celebrities have so few personalities? Can I make a recommendation?
Gian got criticized for drawing Kungkkung's webtoon, but Kungkkung's ladies don't even know that and suck it up. Please identify your friends, you ladies who leave a lot of comments in their 30s and 40s haha.
Women should be young. Dating is difficult and when getting married, make friends as young as possible. ㄱ ㄱ ㄱ It is recommended that women be over 30.
San E has done it again. At this point, he is recognized as an awake musician.
I think this is an issue that we should all look at beyond the gambling problem and the reality faced by Korean housewives raising children.
If she doesn't get married until she's 38, doesn't she have a problem? Just skip the model...you don't have to deal with it...
family ppl
Refusing a gift that could have made a living...
I'm glad I'm not the most famous and good-looking guy..haha
Even if you try a solution, nine times out of ten you will end up going back. Originally, I didn't have a business, but when a lot of people come out of curiosity because of the broadcast, it's hard to cook with care, so I'm trying to cook as easily as instant food like I did the first time.
How are you doing this?
I really enjoyed watching this cheerful cartoon... I think the viewer ratings for today's second episode will rise further. I'll watch the live broadcast~
Does life get any better if you leave hateful comments?????????????
It's not that Pilmo Lee is great, it's that you are stupid.
It's actually compared to other agencies that call for family.
I love Henry so much❤️❤️ I hope to see him on I Live Alone for a long time ^^
As I get older, I seem to become more and more evil.
Yoon Jin looks a lot like actress Kim Ye-won (the opposing gang leader in Sunny).
It's such a shame that I can't see Seulgiㅜㅜ
I don't like Shin Soo-ji either, she's not pretty or likable, but she's so rude. I don't want to see her on style TV.
Wow, I was really surprised to see the real face of a woman. These days, when it comes to Korean women’s faces, makeup and plastic surgery must be done with the basic premise in mind.
It's been over 20 years. Parents may be upset and feel unfair, but they have to bury it now. So how many people are there who died unfairly? What about the families of the victims of the Hwaseong incident 30 years ago? They may have been perpetrators then, but today, as time has passed, they may become victims.
Can’t I just live a nice life? It's a set-up here, so don't get caught in the middle of a gossip war and go out and enjoy a proper life, even if it's just a set-up. Whether you are hiking alone or going to a bookstore, please take care of yourself when you are judging others ㅡㅡ
Shin Hye-sun takes responsibility and leaves.
The period of military service is getting shorter and shorter. It's unfair that it's only been 26 months.
It's damned hahahahahaha are the public so crazy?
I won't be able to see you anymore at some point. It's boring.
I'm sure it's a cult...
Correct example of transformation from child role to adult role
Superman is still loved by kids
After all, women are young and need to be careful^^
Is this a world these days where if a store owner does something wrong, the building owner gets scolded?? Just do your best. He seems like a person who is impatient because he couldn't kill him. It's not good to see him trying to do something to ruin the company.
Even though I'm scared, I admit it. It's a pity that I think about it all day long.
If you deny the dating rumor, you've been caught having a one-night stand. If you admit the dating rumor, you're dating. If you refute it, you don't know.
What does Lee Gyu-bin do?ㅡㅡ
A pathetic program where famous Korean singers go busking in squalid neighborhoods and deceive themselves by claiming they have moved people.
The drama has crossed the line. Did you know that if you took everything in reality and made jjamppong, it would be delicious?
It gets more and more boring
How come there are so many scholars that they can't even say things like that on entertainment shows?? Just because they caught a single person, they rushed at them with hateful comments, so just enjoy it and enjoy it as it is just an entertainment show.
Do pigs make marriage difficult?
Ugh.. are you elementary school students? Are you saying wow while watching hero movies? It's pathetic.
Lee Jong-hyun, there is nothing wrong with you. Those who report will be punished. Malicious commenters and public opinion are also devils who will go to hell. Mr. Jong-hyun, enjoy your youth to the fullest, never get stressed, and live a happier life.
I'm vomiting after having double jaw surgery.
BewhY was protected by Jesus
My father was against it. And if it was a dangerous day for a woman, he told me to be careful.
Put Yoo Min-sang in.
These are people who can't live without Hanyeo's gossip and malicious comments.. Cheer up, Moon Hee-jun.
I can hear your heartbeat, but you were playing around and ended up having a miscarriage.
People have the right to dislike. Why does everyone have to understand you? Why do you force people to understand that they have the right to hate LGBT people when they can just hang out with people they think are enlightened citizens?
What is this pitiful-looking profit?~
god Park Junhyung hates this article.
Did Lee Eun-hee change her name after her husband's accident? Are she still living with that husband? She's slowly getting ready to come out on TV.
I think Yeom Jeong-ah will kill Lee Tae-ran. ㅠㅠ If Lee Tae-ran kills me, I will die too~~~ Because jealousy is incarnate.
Upo Kim arrested~~
MOOO bitches' current affairs broadcasts look reasonable on the surface, but on the inside they are full of all kinds of speculations and emotional claims.
What's wrong with your heart?
There seems to be a twist, but Kim Hye-na is alive.
If we don't get along, it can be bad. If we don't get along, isn't everyone going to change and split up? Should I watch the manager? If it's not intentional abuse, what's the problem? I came here and made an article about the prank?
I can guarantee you that if you are beaten and assaulted like before, Lee Sae-gi will jump up and start flying around.
As expected... Yoo Ah-in, Kim Mi-hwa, Lee Chang-dong, Yoo Si-min's nephew... they're all connected.
Boyoung, what kind of scar removal recovery takes 6 months?
Bae Ki-seong's wife looks like Lee Soo-kyung
There will be three of you, and we will caress Ji-eun here and there ㄷㄷㄷ
Our country doesn't need facts haha ​​Park Geun-hye was also impeached without receiving any money haha
If you are a public figure, set an example, you scum.
After doing this, where does the missing woman from Jeju Island disappear?
It's cool~! I always cheer and support you^^
But isn’t it possible for a member to go to the manager’s house? ㅜ I like Kang Seong-hoon, please apologize.
Still, I think it's good enough haha.
Actor Kim Jeong-hyun, fighting!!! One of the actors who is really good at acting is Oh Seung-hoon, who appeared in the movie Method. He is also really good at acting. I support both of them!!!
Really pretty
One person was surprised to learn that Lee Seong-wook was also a formidable personㅡ_ㅡ
The viewership rating isn't even 2% haha. I can't even act, but I can't go to North Korea because of this? lol
Why do I live like that?
Hannam, you guys, stop writing hateful comments. I feel sorry for her. This is why Hannam should be euthanized in the womb instead of making her pregnant. I fucking hate Korean women who give birth to sons.
If the outside is perfect, the inside is also perfect. It's always found by bad guys. The saying, “Appearance is not everything, what’s on the inside is important” is itself an unconscious statement that comes from a victim mentality. You're just ugly haha. If you're ugly, your personality will be weird ㅇㄱㄹㅇ
She doesn't even look like the dead Choi Jin-sil, she's just Jin-sil's daughter~ I wonder if she wants to get attention as if she's a big star like her mother... It doesn't seem normal, she lives quietly like her brother...
You can stay married on weekends without getting divorced.
What's the parents' fault, what's the kid's fault?
It looks uncomfortable...T.T
They say you have to stick together to make a difference. Change members more often. Since you go on trips all the time, you're bound to lose interest in the trip.
I like women who get scolded and scolded by their husbands and in-laws for giving birth to daughters haha.
It's awkward, so how can we work together with other celebrities?
Wow, Park Soo-jin, the second child, is hungry and Han Chae-ah is a blessing haha.
Sooner or later, these people will also be accused of deep-rooted corruption. They are dealing with the June 25 incident that Jae-Ang Moon hates.
Lee Dong-woo appeared on the air and cried sadly while talking about stepping on his young daughter as his eyesight was weakening. It was really sad.
Do you think it's over after being persecuted by SM? Life always has a twist. If you are found not guilty, all you have to do now is work hard as an actor!
They say Tak Jae-hoon was lying again and said he hit the jackpot with stocks.
Everyone must be bored. It could be true or false. Does everything become true just because of that woman? Poor Oh Dal-su...
It's strange that I didn't do it at that age.
Hyuna is pretty
Kim Seong-su also has a daughter, so why did he come out looking like an old man?
Why did they change the main character so crazy? Lee Byung-hun is better.
Absolutely a master of betrayal and backstabbing!!!!!! Jeolla-do Hongeo bitches~~~
It looks like Jinsa will also leave, but will he join Park Jae-min's team... Will he come in to add a spoonful to the rice that everyone else has made? Or is Injik going to join Oh Yoon-ah?
So how did the spider catch Jo Jung-seok? Did it catch him with a spider web?
What about Park Myung-soo? Honestly, I can't find a reason for existence.
In the first episode, I saw him sewing himself up without anesthesia in prison and only eating cold food instead of hot coffee. I said it was pain-free and numb.
Wow, it’s a bit disgusting to criticize people just by reading one-sided claims.
If I keep smiling, my cheekbones hurt. Not even the Joker
I wish Han Hye-jin didn't show up. Discomfort
It's so nice to see a harmonious family~ It warmed my heart the whole time I was watching~ I'm rooting for you! Mr. Yoonji~^^
I don't know if all three released this time are pretty at all...none of them are my style at all.
I didn't know! He even apologized!
There are a lot of disgusting kids in the comments. If it were in front of their houses, they would fall down with foam in their mouths. Then don't worry about the noise between floors. They are running in their houses, so why are you swearing?? The disgusting comments criticizing Pobangteo residents show the level of dogs and pigs in our country.
Kim Hyejun is so cute and like a puppy, congratulations!
It seems to have gotten worse due to the sad play.
Even if Seo In-guk only served in the military ㅠ
People who are aiming for entertainment awards because they can't win acting awards
As expected, the woman is a gangster of her age.
Amy, please live quietly...don't let others harm you...don't let others harm you for no reason...you did it again.
It would be fun to point a camera at Zhang Yuan and ask him. If you criticize China, you can always see Zhang Yuan in the Mystery of the Human Body haha.
I was a bit disappointed to see this person's acting in I Saw the Devil.
Please tie up your hair. It’s going to be hot.
Personally, I hope he connects with Heesung.
As long as they are happy and good, that's enough. I don't understand why people are criticizing them. Do body types and age differences have to be included in love like dictation?
Even as I get older, I wonder why I live like that.
What I really don't understand about idols is that their vocals aren't even up to the level of local karaoke bars, but they show off their visuals and mechanical sounds, and I don't know why they show off as singers at music awards like this.
TWICE and TWICE ONE idiots need to be expelled.
Please don't come out, you guys.
The acting seems to have improved compared to before, but it's still a bit awkward and the drama seems to be a mixture of other works here and there haha. Really, I'm just going to meet you now haha.
Namjoo is Yoon Park,,,,,Namjoo is Yoon Park!!!!!!
Your daughter doesn't look like you two, right? When a couple is too prominent, their children fall out of love with each other. Once they become adults, they will fall out, right?
Let’s make our relationship last that long. After getting married, I was always called on to do housework and took care of my children alone while Lee Yongdae was playing. Maybe she couldn't bear the situation of wanting to become a celebrity but becoming a housewife?
A light-looking child. Just look at her. Yang Hachi.
Ft Island Lee Hongki is a one man show hahaha the rest of the members are useless
I feel sorry for Lim Ji-yeon.
Are the thumpers coming again?
I guess I'm at the stage where I can't do double-wielding. After all, if you're over 40, even if you have natural hair, they give it a boost once in a while. Even though you're bare, you're pretty, Go So-young.
Throw a comment
It looks like you took a lot of pictures during the Gucci photo shoot~ It’s cool^^!!
My age is 59. I am attracted to Jimin. I suddenly want to hear a song. Kim Hye-rim's DDR....
Who is that old man...
Even if these old bastards have been around for 100 years, they can't even keep up with BTS' half-year YouTube views lol.
If only Oh Dal-su wasn't the only one like that... I think it would have been a waste, but it would have been fun.
There seems to be no shortage of knights.
I think the woman is out of her mind..... LOL
Yang Se-hyung has good sense, but his personality is not that great. From the moment I heard the MBC acceptance speech, I disliked it.
Ugh....it's funny at times, but it's too drawn out. I'm watching the actors because they're so good at acting, but somehow I'm losing interest. There's no progress in today's story, it's just that, but a lot of people are liking it haha.
Posting it on social media isn’t the problem, but isn’t the problem being made into an article? Haha.
Isn’t Woo-chan’s ex-girlfriend, Hyun-moo?
Watch the broadcasts and say something ㅋㅋ Deok-seon is just Deok-seon and there is no fuss about praising her, but ㅋㅋ you are showing duplicity.
I know you're really proud and proud of your successful daughter... but your son-in-law... um...
What are you looking at?...??? Han Ji-hye and Lee Sang-woo's appearance fee deposit receipt, with the same acting in each work... haha
Should I become a dentist?
The woman's tears are proof
I wish the Chinese people would stop coming out. The hatred is not so severe right now for no reason. Why did people say, “Chak-chang-juk-chan?”
It's cool. People live while dating. What's wrong with breaking up with someone and dating someone? The fact that he's a good-looking, good-natured musician who takes good care of himself hasn't changed. It was great to see him on TV after a long time.
The women are anxious because they can't catch Kian 84 haha.
Kim Min-hee is a good actress.. I want to support her.
Jung Hae-in is so noble that it's much better to not like him.
Did you know that game console copyright is illegal?
I say feel free to do it.
I don't understand why people post such personal things in a public place. We need to resolve this between us. In the end, are you asking one person to do it?
As expected, the wedding video is Fish Tree
I'm so glad I look like my mom~!!
It would be great if you just put your shoulders up and don't make stupid facial expressions or actions.
At least Kimuchinyeon, who is as miserable as his life is, must have ostracized him.
I feel sorry for President Yang...Why are singers like that? From the beginning, when you join the company, do a drug test and sign a contract. You're bringing shame to the company.
Who is planning this useless program... Instead of targeting celebrities, try selecting civilians by lottery... It would be the number 1 fire hazard... Where are you taking some unheard-of person?
How attractive is it that a woman says something like that? Giant pink looks even more attractive.
Gil is an old man.. Poor Gil.. Is there a lot of him?
Strangely, I still want to see Kim So-yeon, an actress I hate, but I keep thinking about it so I change the channel.
I guess I just ate a lot. It's my fault. Are women supposed to be rude? It's a sexist remark.
But Kwak Sun-young is pale, but her acting voice that stimulates maternal love is like that of an announcer. I like Mina the best. Even if Mina cheated, I want to hug her and forgive her because there is nothing she can do about it. And Kwak Sun-young is luxuriously pretty. Good.
I really waited ㅠㅠㅠ I'm crying ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I love you!!!
Well... the puzzle is roughly put together... On Yuri is Ha Jae-woong's child out of wedlock... Song Mi-na is Lee Sang-yoon's affair... Or the final twist is that Lee Cheong-ah is the affair!?..
Kang Eun-bi’s fans are scared. Even if I bring evidence, they say it’s Hana-kyung’s fault.
If a woman gets married, she should have children and take care of the family. I don't know what women are thinking these days when they get married. Are you just thinking about taking off the man’s back?!
People who haven't seen it are chewing it anyway haha. People who have seen it liked it.
Am I the only one who doesn't understand what the concept is?
If you don’t have the right, don’t tell me to do this or that.
If you hit Hahaha, I think there is a problem with expressing it that way on broadcast. And if I was going to write a message about concerns about hidden camera crimes, there were plenty of ways to express it differently. Please don't think one-dimensionally.
You're so good at acting. Sejeong, let's just walk on the flower path, let's go solo too.
I hope you get the punishment you deserve and someday I can see you again in the entertainment industry or on personal broadcasts. Cheer up, Junyoung.
Reporter: I hate Lee Guk-joo
Believe it...Kim Hye-sook... Wow, I wish this island disappeared from the face of the earth... It's so bad... Today's soccer game is also ruined, and adults' luggage, stone heads, ㅇㅏ ㅈ ㅐSeop ㅇㅓ
I'm a hard worker, but I don't understand why I get cancer.
Envious bitches, even if you post shit on Instagram, it doesn't go viral, so when other people see pretty pictures, they call it a pipe lol Seriously, why are you doing this, you pigs?
He doesn't look like Iljin, and isn't it too outrageous that he committed the crime just by listening to some idiots who deserve to be beaten? The bread shuttle scoundrels from my school days are disparaging Manager Gwanghee out of a sense of kinship.
It's a gathering of OOOs. These are third-rate backroom Anas who can't appear on the news for even a minute. They quit Ana to set up a pro-Moon leftist broadcasting station without giving up anything to lose. They are on the same level as those who show off and are deceived. Bae Hyun-jin, who kept her convictions and fulfilled her calling as Ana, is once again pretty.
Stop being jealous of pretty but ugly kids.
Eugene not really
I always thought she was pretty, but today I see she's even prettier... It's a pity... Dating a boyfriend with a large age gap is Sulli the only girl who doesn't wear a bra...
If you debuted as a team, you have to do it even if you did individual activities... That's right for the team~~ But all the comments here are like, why are you sharing? Is it a mentality that you have to feed yourself right now? If the team is maintained, the popularity will last for a long time.
Lee Ji-eun's acting is bad, but her face is so pretty. She's the same as Shin Bong-seon.
ㅜㅜ I believe in victory, I don’t think so...
I heard Hong Jinyoung took out some kind of earphone or something from her ear. Aren't the production crew controlling it from behind?? Gosdopp who squeezes and plays..
There are many men who say Han Chae-ah is a waste.
It's different from before..Diet is really hard, but it's amazing..It's not skinny, but it's just standard..If you maintain it well, thumbs up.
The people involved say it's okay, but why the fuss? Haha, it's a good harvest, you guys.
Oh my, how bad must the wife be for Jongkook to come home twice in 2 years? They are all the same, they have a broken personality.
Esther seems like a really warm-hearted and big person.
You will do well. Fighting~
As expected, the 3040 merchants are angry, right? Hahahahahahaha
Wow, it gives me goosebumps. The 1st and 2nd most popular comments are not worried about the injured person, but rather look for something to bite. I hope Wendy gets well and recovers without any major aftereffects.
Even after ten years, he is still loyal to men!!
Am I the only one who has a slim body but a face that looks like it's about to explode...?
Yoo Jae-seok doesn’t donate~~~~?
I'll just get the job done without any legal responsibility!!
They say there was evidence of manipulation in this episode. Anyway, Dongna or Joseon ㅡㅡ
Have you committed such a big sin? They say the invasion of privacy is too severe!
It is very sad to see Director Yang Ye-won commit suicide. The media criticized him so much, but in the end, he was found not guilty and the Kkotsams were sent away, and Lee Byung-hun is living a good life, and he even received an apology from the Kkotsams!
He seems like a bright but terrible person. Park Yuchun is a victim. There will be many more victims besides her. I hope you save them.
Hong Sang-soo ♥ Kim Min-hee, have a sweet and pretty love haha ​​I support your love hehe
Go to an event haha ​​cheap girl
Changjeong hyung, I always support you haha
What the heck are you doing in prison? There's not much to write about. You're a model of Korean reporters. The standard is...
I hate that bastard so much, but if paying for something is a crime, then arrest all 80% of the men in our country. Is there anyone who hasn't paid money for something? Of course, if you pay for it, they will buy it for you.
Going to the military makes me cry, this is so sad
It's been no fun since we started dating
There are a lot of naive people on broadcasting who use each other as tools.
I felt like family while watching it..ㅠ Mina and Philip felt like family.
How overwhelming would it have been to have an article like this come out? Hyorin is just pretty. I wonder if the Entertainment Awards didn't know that Hyorin performs in this style, so they called her out. Why are they so upset this morning?
We'll investigate, stop reporting it.
Yes, are you a singer?!
Are you proud of being pregnant first? It's dirty
I thought Cha Ye-ryun was really pretty, but when I saw her in My Little Old Boy, I thought she looked strangely less pretty than the look I knew from dramas, perhaps because of her hair style.
Ah... I think the song is good... but I don't like people...
I guess it was all a set-up. These days, most young daughters-in-law are the eldest son and their mother-in-law is the eldest son, so the sisters-in-law don't even go to their parents' house during the holidays because they don't want to see their mother suffering.
It was bittersweet to see that famous athletes these days had no intention of training younger students after their retirement and only thought about entering the entertainment industry somehow, but it seems like a very desirable move.
Now, from Children's Pal to Manager's Pal's broadcasts hahaha.
By the middle of the month, women are just passing by.
They both have big noses... Those girls are both pretty, but their noses aren't that pretty.
If you look at pictorials or advertisement photos these days, you can see that everyone has one eye covered. Illuminati exhibits, Coca-Cola, Kim Yuna, bus stop advertisement, and Lancome advertisement.
It’s like elementary school, why don’t you build some muscles?
He said something about taking off the corset and asked women to be taken out of the social framework, and then asked why they married a divorced man haha. What does divorced men have to do with it? Women have to be discreet and filter out rich people at all costs? It's really disgusting to see people point out looks.
It's so pretty...
Is it really necessary to show the surgery scene like that? It seems like there is a very unnecessarily explicit surgery scene.
It's not fun at all
Just retirement lol ✔️✔️
ㄴㅏLook at Kyungwon’s beauty. Is this true?
Give what you earned, Yoon Jeong-ah
Jonjal, an employee who appears as an intern ~~
I heard that I'm Kian 84. Haha, it's strange, but I'm sure it's not that senseless in real life. Haha, I think it's a setup.
In the end, Yoo Yeon-seok too haha. Coffee Friends ended well with the right morale.
Isn’t it true that Ahn Jae-hyun is also Jung Joon-young’s friend? He doesn’t do anything better than Jung Joon-young.
The man on the left is not Kim Gura.... Haha, you are all deceived, haha. I will let you know~
Hannam’s logic as to why she went to a man’s house = Men always have the intention of raping women haha ​​I saw Hannam’s level well~~.
Is it because there are more pigs in Korea these days? Those kind of pig comedians come out and are really messing around. Why do I have to pay my license fee to see such disgusting creatures?
Do you like it when women get drunk and go on TV? Tsk tsk
Because the mother is pretty, the babies are also pretty.
You're not that old, but where did you learn how to run a dirty business? Did you learn it from Yang Hyun-suk?
What's wrong with the kids? It's a fight between the agencies trying to make money. It's an internal battle. Anyway, there's one less thing to see.
Just looking at it makes me feel sorry for Mina.
TipN and his agency are all on Ahn Jae-hyun's side, so they can't win. That's how people b.s. Did you think I would stay still while making it? You wrote a good novel haha. You did a good job promoting your new work. I guess you were scared?
I need to change my profile picture. You're amazing.
Oh Jeong-yeon, the current situation is noisy. Aren’t you embarrassed by the title of announcer? Why is it that Korea-Japan relations have been strained yesterday and today under the title ‘Exclusion of White Countries’, but the timing is perfect~~
You must be upset because you got stabbed by a bully in less than 2 years...I've been able to feel it enough on social media. Live a new life.
Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but if possible, I'd donate it to a forest fire area.
Haha, after the first episode aired, there was a lot of talk. For your information, the first episode of Mr. Sunshine also came out, and there was a lot of talk about it not being interesting or not being understood. Haha, let's watch at least the 4th episode before speaking.
I wonder how heartbreaking it must be for the victims to see it, so why bother posting it...
If you insist, insist
You're a middle-aged woman. Lose weight.
I support you, I miss you.
Am I the only one who understands Lee Chan-oh? There are so many people in the world who have trashy personalities... If they argue badly, they will get angry and fight with swords. I've met a lot of people, but usually 20% of men are bad guys, but only 20% of women are kind.
A pictorial with this concept also suits you well^^
All the acting is good. Lee Byung-hun, Yoo Yeon-seok, Kim Min-jeong, Byun Yo-han are good as the interpreter, but Kim Tae-ri... I feel like she doesn't fit in a historical drama setting.
I wish it was the Yugang line
Let's not do that. He's still a rookie. If it's too hard for him, he'll quit.
Haha, when the first dating article came out, it was all about Bedette's group chat room, so the people who wrote it must be scared haha. I hope they don't take kindly to it.
The work is popular, but the person himself is only in the spotlight for a short time and does not appear separately... No matter what he does, from changing his name to getting married, it is only temporary, and in fact, his career rarely works out the way he wanted. Now that he has remarried at a late age, he must be happier living as an ordinary person.
Moon Jae-in, a new corruption disguised as a new beginning
Kim Min-gyu and Song Hyeong-jun, these guys don't seem real compared to their skills.
Lee Se-eun is so unlikable ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
KakaoTalk Bom hahaha The day after the party, he also spoke informally on KakaoTalk?
My mother is Hwang Shin-hye, so what’s the big deal about Gucci clothes? It's pretty~
Go Hyun-jung is acting like that because Bae Ji-ji called her. It's not because she's unhappy with the money. If she doesn't like her, she's doing something ruthless. Why would she forget her face? She appears in dramas all the time, and she keeps telling her to just quit and go live in Southeast Asia. She has an ugly face and keeps telling her to get off the show.
Kim Seong-ju can leave... Park Na-rae welcome
This has to end in an affair so that I can make a debt drip on Knowing Bros. I wish it was Gura. Fighting, Sangmin hyung. ㅠ
I thought it was ridiculous that NU'EST leader JK was dropped.
The couple who lives sweetly together is so pretty.
Kim Byeong-cheol is a married man, but is he encouraging adultery??
Let’s not write articles about B.C level students.
Henry's version is no fun, Hwang Jae-gyun's version is fun
I liked Chae Soo-bin at first, but it gets weirder and more annoying and I don't like it.
Are you both single? I know that Yoon Se-ah is single, but Mr. Pakuk is single. I got confused with the Sunshine interpreter again...
It's really attractive...the more I look at it, the more attractive...I never get tired of it.
Hahaha, there will be an article saying they will report it again hahahaha They will take legal action hahaha
Chu Ja-hyun also made a fuss about not showing her face, but people in our country can't trust you if you don't show their face.. haha. Then, when they show up, they swear at you.. It's already been announced that they added plastic surgery to create the second Fan Bingbing.. haha.
Ah, there is no development in Korean dramas because of the Kim Chi-ryeon women who find these childish stories interesting.
There's an error with the male actor... why can't they cast a male actor?
What are you trying to hide?
The comments come from national producers. Haha, you are funnier than them.
It's been a while since I tried to watch it once, but it's hard to watch. I change the channel. What's wrong? Mr. Poongsang is doing something new. The tree is like this~
Haha, what's your son's crime? What does it matter? Why are you asking your son to take responsibility for something that happened without any intention or agreement?
It's funny that a drama that talks about love and childish puns like Goblin became a hit. It's sad that the girls' level is so low.
How hard will it be for it to fall lol?
Honestly, the strangest thing was that Jeong Se-woon fell.
Kids who read this will fail this year’s college entrance exam.
Ha Hyun-woo is like that too.
Is it okay to take a picture of someone sleeping beautifully and upload it if they are close friends?
Ask Choi Soo-jong to live there for just one year and tell him.
The article is a spoiler haha.
Yoyo, I binge eat while making excuses that I don’t get the role 100% lol.
I wish I didn't have my hair done like that. I'm not saying anything cliche, but I don't want to look like that.
Haha, people's comments are so favorable these days, so I'm posting a lot of pictures right away.
Idol fans are just human streaming bases haha.
Do it in moderation.
I will never hang out with someone who swears at Lim Hyun-joo @.@
Be careful because it may result in a miscarriage. A miscarriage is not possible.
Jo Bo-ah’s hands are really fast. It seems to work well at night too~~
Big Bang, Monsta
You seemed to have so much fun yesterday! I enjoyed it haha ​​I hope I can continue to see it on the news~~
The son is my son. The dog is our Hush.
I'll meet you soon
He's handsomeㅡLet's be my son-in-lawㅡㅡㅡIs Son Ye-jin stupid for dating because she doesn't have scandals? Or is she not interested? Yejin-ah--I can't get married if I cherish herㅜㅜ
Park Han-byul's acting is hard to resist.
Yang Jun-hyuk, fighting!
Even during Fight My Way, I felt like he looked like Kwon Sangwoo haha ​​he had a handsome vibe hehe.
Those Hannams are really annoying working bastards, but Love is holding back ㅠ Kim Sang-joong If you don't want to hear Hannam, do it right.
What is the sympathy of public opinion? Hahahaha. He is a guy who deceived the whole country, but even if he died, it would be cheap.
Do you really not know why? Or are you just pretending not to know? Look at your love story... you don't look like you're going to get scolded...
My husband is so pitiful...
This guy doesn't look good... It looks like something is going to explode...
Look at the handsome guys, haha. We reached an agreement somehow. It's school violence! It's a street haha. Are you jealous of such handsome male celebrities? Hannams.
Is it a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of
How did my mom know that my name was Cha Joo-hyuk and that she called me Cha Seobang?
I thought Gong Hyo-jin's acting was getting older, but why does she keep starring?
Hmm... I've watched it well so far, but I'm trying to stop at the story of going to hell together without getting divorced. It's a drama, but... You can take revenge after divorce. Why.... ㅜㅜ
They are not blood brothers, nor are they best friends, but at most they are just co-workers in society's eyes. Would you be so sad? Think about it calmly.
It's hard for ordinary people to pay off even a 230 million won home loan, but celebrities can easily pay off even a few billion won. After all, there's nothing to worry about about celebrities.
I guess about 50% of people here didn't read this yesterday? Depending on the title of the article, the comments were divided into praise and hate comments. It seems like the article was paid for by SM.
I don't have a son who plays sports. good dad
The public is making such a fuss that you guys aren't funny? It would be perfect to accuse Yoo Jae-seok of being uncommunicative and manipulative, and to sue Sam and the production crew for their backroom dealings, but let him survive on corruption even more. I'm collecting data, so don't interfere!
These people say it doesn't matter if they are 40.
When you get tired of meeting women, you just throw them away. Manseok is a wonderful man and a wise man.
What kind of face did you wake up from and cleverly put on make-up and tidied it up haha?
To be honest, it doesn't look like the old days. You need to manage it
When you were in your prime, you stuck to short hair and played all kinds of broken roles, which diminished your charm, but only after you hit your 30s did you grow your hair out and look feminine. It's already just an old waste.
Song Ha-ye's live was the best. It got 4 million views on YouTube.
May the souls of the deceased refrain
Isn’t Ku Hye-sun too introverted? In Yongin, Ahn Jae-hyun was said to have been drinking with residents, but his personality doesn't seem to suit him at all.
He has the appearance of a celebrity's ears and the booty of an announcer.... He's amazing. I'm jealous.
Don't include a love line. Is it okay for the male lead to be older and the female lead to be younger? If it were backwards, it would have been a curse word. Just go with the story, don't make a third-rate medical romance like that.
Condition management is also a skill.
Fighting isn't fun... It's been almost 10 years since we last did it. Now I wish I could replace it...
Of all the Produce 1 contestants, the one who succeeded is Chungha. Next is Jeon So-yeon, Kim Se-jeong, Jung Chae-yeon, and Lee Seo-jeong.
It's not my fault... Please come back.
Wow~~ What a rare mistake~~ I came here after seeing the search term~
This guy is making such a fuss because he's broadcasting from far away??? Even if you fix it, it’s Seo Se-won
I've seen idols who respect Big Bang and BTS, but I've never seen an idol who respects Suju...
I heard that a couple I know had a failed pregnancy. don't worry. If you work hard every day in the Bermuda Triangle, going up and down and up and down with the magic stick on the magic lamp between the crotches, your second birthday will come out at some point.
But the question is, who is the best member of that team? APT? I heard that it is a team competing for first and second place in the league... Even if it is an amateur, there will be a lot of guys like Moon Soo-in... It feels better that the guys from The Bang are leading the charge.
Nong Nong Vietnam~~
I don't understand why there aren't any masks. There are a lot of them at Daiso. They even have luxury masks.
Oh Chang-seok and Lee Chae-eun match so well. May you live forever. So visual. Hey, you two look great together haha.
As the saying goes, if a woman gets married, she will be deaf for 3 years, mute for 3 years, and blind for 3 years. If you endure it, something good may happen someday, but it seems like there are too many divorces these days.
The husband did something wrong and should be judged by the law, but does that mean divorce? If you're a serious couple, shouldn't you be by their side so they can pay for their sins and live like human beings? Was it a loveless business relationship?
This looks like some kind of vacation homework
As expected, you were a wonderful woman. I support you.
What are you doing, Blue Dragon, not giving Choi Woo-sik the award? Isn’t it normal to receive both the Rookie Award and the Popularity Award????
Strange women of all kinds are only tolerant of Park Na-rae. I think I know why... It's similar between you and Park Na-rae...
I'm going to brag about it when my child grows up, so what's the problem with it being revealed a little early?
I looked for the actor who played Gil Cham-ju. I'm really enjoying this drama these days^^ Actor Namgoong Min's acting is really the best!
What's the kiss? Song So-hee, Lee Non, wore a hanbok and pretended to be polite, but then she popped pumpkin seeds. It's a shame for a traditional Korean musician.
Money is not everything, but money comes first. In this world, we live with money.
Well, it's about meeting each other. One Star-7, Nancy-What a strange girl. You can get a rough answer, right?
If you come to Korea and live there, it won't be anything... Just naturalize now.
Han Go-eun couple is having fun ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
You all know... I wonder if the money line will be cut off... I wonder if my agency will go out of business... I pretended not to know... I just passed it on.
It's over now. It'll take a million times...
But why do only men have to wear masks? Women don't wear makeup. Isn't that too much? I'm going to wear makeup starting tomorrow too.
The girl who healed a lot
What has Madat got to do with her parents cheating? It's not like Madat cheated.
Is premarital dduk Jill a trend these days? Thank you for your hard work in this damn disaster feminism country.
When the baby enters elementary school, dad will tell him not to come to school...ㅠ
After you shake off Mr. Yang, you must definitely shake off Mr. Bang next time.~~!!!!!!!!!!
Still, I can feel the sincerity.
From now on, women should not get food from men. You bed bugs.
I probably did a lot of strength training, but I don't have any muscle. It takes 3 months to build enough muscle to be visible.
The directing and acting are so poor that the lead actor is a shame haha.
Kang Hyeong Woo-kyang seems like a very affectionate person, but if a person like that cuts like a knife, he is really cold-hearted.
What do you mean by comments like “I hope something happens” and “It’s strange, it’s strange..?”
In the first place, Yoo Jae-seok is a person that can be liked by all of our country's dogs and pigs, and he has been doing it for a long time by sucking away guests without being funny or believing. It's not easy for him to make every episode this boring while earning a lot of money.
I'm sorry you're ugly, my wife, have a nice day... Shin Young-soo is begging me to be ugly.
What, are you just confirming that he is a rapist? Aren't you just saying this without thinking too much? Do you just believe what the waitress says? I'll catch another person
Isn’t that Park Si-yeon’s younger sister? Once to her father. . .
Why are you asking Madat what her parents did? Cheer up Madat. All you have to do is make a lot of money and pay back the money you scammed.
20 year relationship is so cool!! I hope you get married now and have a happy family.
The baby is really not pretty...
Seo Hyun-jin, who only women are particularly enthusiastic about
I hope you get well
Even if the kids appear as masters in All the Butlers as seasoning for a moment, is Lee Young-ae a woman with a conscience? She fills Joo-il with these kids. It's too much to say that your kids are masters. The master is a fucking celebrity. If he did that, he should really act as a master. He has a bad conscience.
I feel good
I still like Lee Tae-im
The truth will be revealed soon~
Park Na-rae haha, I really wonder if she still likes Lee Yong-jin
Recommended by Tak Jae-hoon.. I think his speaking skills are really the best.
Among them, two other girl groups are shaking: Weki Meki and Gugudan.
Donate 10 million won and make it really crazy
Even when Jia was a young child, she was calm and mature, and even though she had a noisy family life, she seemed to have grown up well. She is a lifelong friend to her mother. How pretty she must be.^^~
Korean women are ruining all the broadcast programs.
You look like a white pig. Wow, you've grown up. Life is going well. Study for the exam early or prepare for law school. Or go to medical school. It's your daughter, but if you're a bungeoppang with Mr. Baek, this is a disaster. It's a disaster.
Am I a person who lives by thinking... Really?
What you touch doesn't change. An idol's image is important to girls who like idols, but he's fallen through the cracks and the members he works with seem like they're on their own lol.
This guy looks like a professional gamer.
A wound is a wound, but the method is very crude. . . It's not something an educated woman would do. Haha. I thought it was Kim Ae-kyung. . The method is poor and the wound is a wound. . Get over it and stop using such low-quality methods.
Yes, I really thought you were a high school student... but you were 23 years old. Kim Hye-yoon, I hope you only walk on the flower path this year.
Baek Jong-won. Now, how about checking out the flavors of your own restaurant?
There are 3 SEVENTEEN managers, and that person is new so he came out alone. Originally, there were only 3 managers, and once he goes on a music show, he gets about 30-40 staff.
Jonghyun said it was a business relationship with SHINee, but aren't the remaining members going too far?
The winning candidates are Nafla and DIARC. Don't underestimate them. They are good.
I feel sorry for Lee Sunbin...
Burning Sun needs to be investigated until the end. But why do we need to know through comments that Yoon was cleared of charges??
This person is causing controversy.
Gong Hyo-jin and Kim Rae-won don't appear on other entertainment shows, and they're on programs like that that don't even get a 1% viewership rating...Raewon, you should come to the awards ceremony instead.
Hyori seems like a really nice person.
X1 transformation lovebirds hahaha
Please extend it ㅜㅜ It’s so fun ㅜㅜ
Goo Hye-sun is such a lousy thing. Tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk to the man who left her heart.
Anal veins That person?
It's a meeting between Song Tax Tax and Yoo Ae Pumpkin.
If you're 52, you're slim...
Does this couple blame you? I want to ask if you can work the same way for as long as Lee Hwijae.. Why are you so twisted when you live off the money you earn from your own work? Is it because you make a lot of money because you are a celebrity? You people who curse don't even try hard enough to be celebrities.
I'm sick of Appal.. Abolish Angbal's Pro Super Bowl.
It's just Park Jin-young's fault... If Won Girl hadn't gone to America, Won Girl would have taken Girls' Generation's place.
I'll organize it. Wanna One's dating, Chaim's unfair treatment, agency intervention? Yook Ji-dam also seems to have some kind of resentment, Wanna One's personality, bright guy, I don't know this either.
Finding someone I am so thankful for on TV...
Why don't feminists acknowledge the drama Najeosi, which was also recognized at the Baeksang Awards? LOL
Women with a smooth body are the best for men.
It's just a wedding... haha
Why are you here~?? Things that don't even know what love for humanity are are really causing such a fuss. I support people in difficult situations, but why are you arguing? Cheer up~ Whether in China or anywhere else in the world, doesn't that include our country~?!?!
Motherly love is beautiful. The sight of you holding a baby is so beautiful. May you always be healthy and happy
Because it's Gangnam, I recognize it even though it's Japan. Lee Seung-gi and Jung Joon-young were like friends. I won't forgive them.
Who is that blinker?
Now is National Bankruptcy Day. As long as Moon Jae-Ang exists.
It was the opposite situation. The man must have been a dick. F*cking femme thumpers hahahahaha. What kind of aunt are you marrying and living with? The man's parents are pitiful.
If you're like this, then don't get married, or I'll get angry if you call me someone's mom later.
I think the producer of the alley restaurant needs to start a police investigation, right?
Get rid of it, Ga Se-yeon. Page is the answer, or is Yoo Jae-seok mentioned without any evidence?
Ha Seung-jin's family is so fun haha. Please keep coming!!!!!!
Is Lee Seung-gi no longer in Na Young-seok’s mind?
I guess you want to sign a contract on more favorable terms.
Kimchi bitches go crazy! That’s what you do!
Rain is also good at acting. If I hadn't gone to the military, I might have become more famous in Hollywood. I always respect the fact that he was born in a difficult environment and always works hard.
For such a pretty person, her lip makeup looks weirdㅠㅡㅠAnyway^^ Stay healthy and happy!
Korea's top three thieves, 1st place, Jo Se-hyung, 2nd place, soy sauce crab, 3rd place, Rain
It's so bad... I guess there was nothing to see with the face made like that...
I thought it would be good for Han Go-eun to have a baby, but I wonder if this is a comment to criticize, and it would be better to have a baby before she gets older.
ㅇㄴㅇ One of the members seems like a close friend.. ㅇㅅㅇ or something... What happened?
I guess he wants to show off haha
To Baek Jong-won... Are you a friend??? There are a lot of good things to say... but it's a little sad...
The younger a man is, the harder it is and the more delicious it is. Once you're over 25, it starts to get mushy like an out-of-date Christmas cake.
He is a representative bubble actor who is more famous for his popularity than his reputation as an actor, with only two hits being Misa and Bali and his acting skills being mediocre.
Why is Kim Tae-ri’s acting so bad??
Even if you leave Superman, please appear on TV with Seungjae~~ I'm going to miss Seungjae so muchㅠ I hope your family is happy♡
Gong Hyo-jin is being praised for playing the role of the naive and old-fashioned Kang Ha-neul. Her counterpart is a lucky actress.
The thumpers are making a fuss
Long forgotten. Because they were pots, they were all forgotten.
Mr. Choi is not easy.
By the way, Kim Tae-hee.... How did she end up marrying into such a family? poor.
But Taecyeon is not fun. Lee Seung-gi and Taecyeon are just good guys.. It's not fun.
Hyejin Han, I was really bored so I changed the channel and got off.
Please practice acting before coming out..
Are there any cases where people agreed to have a one-night stand together and later claimed that they were sexually assaulted? It is not too late to criticize something after verifying its authenticity through thorough verification.
If only you would stop swearing. . . You are punishing yourself.
God Jeong-ah is a bit cheesy. Haha, if she is good at acting, there will be a lot of actors here and there. Haha. Let's not overdo it.
Look at the number of comments, the level of interest in male-female mating is really high.. These are vulgar and vulgar things.
Seo Jang-hoon must have had a hard time too.. I hope he cheers up. He seems like a wise man.
How long have the kids found their mom? Now be better to your kids.
They can resolve it legally among themselves. Real reporters are being abusive.
What does it matter, reporter?
Let's wait and see the results. I think it would be good to give the two people who are trying to make a fresh start some time to breathe. Jealousy may have arisen.
Haha, the King of Masked Singer Legendary Female Singer is Sohyang.
MBC these days, they're recruiting ordinary people hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha pathetic
I don't think it's one side's fault. So even if Ku Hye-sun did more wrong, I don't think Ahn Jae-hyun did anything right either. It's both parties' fault that led to the divorce.
A great actor disappears like this...ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
You can get beaten in your life, but I guess kids these days have never really been beaten. It's not that big of a deal that they're making such a fuss.
But the current members of IZ*ONE are so harmonious and pretty... do I really need to mess with them?
The pair plate is so vulgar, they changed it so cheaply.
Is something like this even possible to become number one on Naver? ㅜㅜ
It would be an honor for Son Hyun-joo to be the host~~^^
After all, in Hell Joseon, you have to be born with a silver spoon!!!
Namgoong Min's acting as Oh Jeong-se is amazing. Is it really inconvenient to divide it into three parts? Haha, it's nice to pee and drink water, but if it interferes with concentration, isn't everyday life impossible?
I came here to leave a malicious comment, but now that I think about it, Thai OOOs have grown up a lot by making a big deal out of it, really??
You two will date
Sani will make a comeback soon. I'm rooting for you. Come back, come back.
This program is so annoying that it's really hard to watch. Should we ruin Korea's image like this just for fun?
Ladies in their 30s, leave them at someone else’s house lol.
After all, people don't change. After assaulting an old man, he went into the mountain to reflect on himself, but the car in front of him went too far in the lane, so he drove in retaliation and even cursed at him? How severe is it to be indicted in absentia?
Today, after working 12 hours, my whole body aches. In fact, this boring life is repeated every day, and I am happiest when I sleep. Therefore, I wish this earth would perish.
It is not polite to leave hanger chips at Hong Jeong-wook’s funeral.
When I see Yoon Se-ah, I want to go on a trip to Hong Kong.
She's really pretty...she was the best in her teens...she's still pretty even now...^^
Why do women think the world has to cater to them? People beg for entertainment, movies, and dramas to all be tailored to their tastes. It's really disgusting and childlike.
I'm rooting for you. ~ These days, I'm most anxious that Ahn Jae-hyun's agency will come up with news about Hye-sun.
You look like a mulberry ㄷㄷ
May the souls of the deceased refrain.
The reason why women dislike Lim Hyeon-joo is that they have been unable to approach men first and have waited passively throughout their lives, but they feel antipathy towards Lim Hyun-joo when they see her freely expressing what she likes and showing off her charms.
I did it in the end, but I didn’t know?!
Someday, I will become the property of some man, right? ㅇㅇ Isn’t it okay to be an old maid? Kim Tae-hee is also about to get married, so Kim Tae-hee is a non-property.
But who is it?
Two sisters unfavorable
Honestly, is he sexy?? I think TWICE’s Mina or Choi Seol-hwa is the best, Seolhyun.
That's amazing. I think we need to set a time limit for MeToo that happened 36 years ago.
Are you bragging about remarriage? Why does this guy write an article like this and insult people? The reporter is anti~
He's just cool. If they break up like this, they'll just break up. It's nice to see people enjoying themselves in entertainment. It's much better than being pretentious. Fighting!!
The majority of the people like and support Madat on the inside, but they are reprimanding him for no reason in the hope that he will do better in the future. Good luck Madat~!!
Is cool the answer? . There's a reason
Unfavorable..... There is already too much noise even though it is a small role for a newcomer.
Oh my, I don’t trust celebrities. Everyone has nothing to be jealous of Yeon Yan. It’s not that I don’t trust Lee Yong-jin, it’s just that the world of celebrities is like that. But I can trust Yoo Jae-seok haha.
Cheer up!! It’s not like the original girl will last forever, I support her. Haters... Just have a drink and go to sleep.
Women, if you move around carelessly, your life will be ruined. Be careful!
Stop it, it's too late
What kind of people are these people who went to see something like this? If you don't have anything else to do, get a hobby. You're wasting the money your parents earned on someone you don't know. It's completely outrageous. Come to your senses.
Yes, you just have to pay for your sins. And see you again on the air!
Lee Dong-gun and Cha Ye-ryun are in a pink relationship ㅡIt's already been 10 years, time flies so fastㅡㅡhttp://antijms.net
Living in a rooftop room in Mangwon-dong, earning some money and living with my wife next to me, I guess I'm starting to get greedy. Yuk Jung-wan. You think you'll do well by hurting the hearts of other team members who aren't even strangers, right? You too will have difficulties. six money band~~
Wasn't it because the conductor was important, not because he gave me the leg up...?
Sooyoung's personality is really attractive... she's tall and pretty, and she would be the best as a girlfriend.
Sung Hyun-ah's face has become very pretty. It actually feels slimmer and more balanced than the faces of those in their 20s and 30s.
A talented woman like Gook-ju ends up meeting a handsome, tall, and rich man~ Those are definitely without skills. You can't meet people like this. Take a look in the mirror.....^^
Park Hae-mi, you know that it will be shameless if broadcasts or musicals appear in the future, right? .The international community will judge.
Are you trying to make a living because you are so fucking embarrassed to be the same woman?
I don’t like Sechs Kies and I’m greedy for broadcasting~~~
Ah, why are you crying and making a fuss? Dogs like it when you give them food regardless of whether or not they change owners, so why are you making a drama by crying and crying because you empathize with them?
He's handsome, but his face is a waste of money
I want to crush Do-hwan’s collarbone with a jangdori ♥
Geunhye’s niece should not come out. It's uncomfortable to watch... but I'm tired of restaurant shows.
Lee Jang-woo, that old and ugly guy is ruined because he's the main character.
It doesn’t matter as long as it’s not a vocal, right..?
How many Kais are there? Please change your name.
That's the point. Madat, the idiot, has caused an accident again. Is life going to be a waste of money?
I'm going to run it really well. Go up to the king prawn and turn left and right.
I can't stand the political satire of our government. LOL.
It's not like they're producing new products. I don't like this anymore. I feel like kids have become products. They consume it and when it gets old, they throw it away and replace it with a new product. Moreover, it's aimed at children. I don't like it.
Don't commit suicide
whatever? I don't even know who it is
If 47kg is my weight, I will disappear. Haha.
Get some medicine from Sense and try it. Your face is too pale.
My uncle, this work needs to be overthrown. He will be glorified.
Strangely, I feel sad whenever I see Kim Young-hee.
Hwasun, Jeollanam-do
Jung Woo-sung was amazing, I was so happy.
Next time for Dasom...don't go to the mountain to eat Baeksuk with 'dad', let's go with 'oppa'~ I like Dasom~ hahahaha And the dog is pretty♡♡♡
I upgraded my face during my newlywed life. My face was fine before that too... Please give me a good performance.
As if I had finally met Kim Jong-guk's partner, now all that's left is to confess like a man.
First time I've heard of it,,
It's almost the first time I've waited so long to watch a weekend drama. What's disappointing is that I only watch 2 episodes in one day. If I have dinner plans, I'll have to miss the first half.
Sol Pharmacy Sons is a drama I really enjoyed watching. I want to watch it again.
Since the Produce 2 story is missing, it has been dismantled and revived, and women in their 30s are at the top of the comment ratio haha. You can see it without looking, right?
The left-wing country never admits its mistakes, but the right-wingers admit their mistakes because they know they are embarrassed. The leftists are disgusting.
From what I can see, it looks like he's trying to earn a share after getting married...
Clara is love❤❤❤❤
How about meeting someone during your dating days? Well, if it doesn't bother you even after you get married, you're in luck. Even though I have a wife, I often date other women. Other women are a good stimulant in a life that is repetitive like a chat wheel.
It's not a major injury, and 3500 is nothing. It's like a delivery driver, but even if you swear, everyone will usually agree to that amount. It's hard to achieve justice because you have to compromise with reality.
Please don't turn on the live. I don't want to see posts posted as articles.
But why did you decide to move now? Jae-Ang Moon is not hiding something again.
Lee Sang-yeop devoted his whole life to this...but women hook up with rich people. This is why I hear the sound of kimchi
Detective Da-ya!!!!
This is why I’m scared of camp gambling.
For reference, I heard that Kang Ho-dong only won once during Lee Man-gi and lost every time after that. Haha, it was the same on 1 Night 2 and he will appear again in Part 2 next week, Choi Dae!!!
The real estate agent must have known. Are you trying to destroy Daesung's lifelong career with this one word? Think about it - check the facts...
I don't feel anything wrong with me.
It's unfortunate, but if you cut out carbohydrates and lose them, there's a good chance they'll come back even if you eat just a little bit. Let's try to lose weight again by slowly consuming a balanced diet.
Why are you revealing a story about a sleepover between an unmarried adult man and woman? I don't know how old you are, but it's pathetic.
Since only pretty women appeared on I Alone, they were criticized, so in the end, the remaining regular female members were Park Na-rae, Han Hye-jin, and Hwasa... ㅜㅜ
Why not buy a lottery ticket? If you remember the numbers, go back in time, buy the lottery ticket, and win first place... it would be nice...
The water bear is really expensive... It's the fault of the idiots who ordered 5 servings without even realizing it... Why are they criticizing a good restaurant???
Now that I see it, Goo Hara is a Bodhisattva... If it were me, I would kill him.
Hyeonmu, be sure to marry a wise woman.... - A senior in life who got married only revealed that she was pretty and good-looking.
If you're jealous, just say you're jealous. Why are you being sarcastic that money can do everything? These are the people who suck the boss' ass just to get 300 a month lol.
My son looks like Jang Dong-gun and my daughter looks like Ko So-young... It's nice to see them.
Disgusting others is my life.
I'm bragging about making accusations and accusations ㅠㅠ
Aren’t you going to redeem victory? Can’t you?? And what about Chong-kyung Yoon?
People make such a fuss, but they seem to be living well.
Wow, it’s really fucking sexy.
You still have the same pretty face when you were young~ I hope you enjoy it~^^
Song Hye-kyo is so pretty,,,, I was so impressed by how pretty she is that an hour passed quickly ㅠㅠㅠ I will watch the show until the end ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
I can't tell the difference from Lee Tae-im.
★Breaking News★!!!! Fuck it~~!!!! National singer Cho Yong-pil is also a communist~~ Ma!! Cho Yong-pil, is that your hometown?? Ira Kai from Jeolla-do??
It's bittersweet. Mr. Kim Heung-guk, if you can't make money, your wife will have a hard time... so please be patient. I understand how difficult it must be to get back together after not living together for over ten years, but...well...this is a clear example of the wild goose family problem.
Seo Taiji genius
Jaehyun, it's hard to get a wise and upright wife like Ku Hye-sun back, so I hope you change your mind and apologize and live happily ever after.
Because people are interested in articles like this, trash becomes more trash and the people become more like dogs and pigs. They are being arrested and judged, so what does it matter whether they read cartoons, read novels, or sleep? Haha, you are such a pathetic trash that you will be punished until you die.
I want to marry a woman like Jihye Lee.
Isn’t the male lead like this? Park Seo-joon, Park Bo-gum, Seo Kang-joon
These days, I don't use birth control. When I was in my 20s, I never used condoms... These days, the quality of condoms has improved, so there's no reason not to use them, but it's a shame.
The epitome of cheapness!! Cheap mae haha
It's always strange that Han Ji-hye is the lead role. She seems like a supporting actress... but I've never seen it because of the female lead in Golden Garden.
I hope you rest in peace there...
They are the main characters who raised Jannabi's indie music many times over, but they can't believe they disappeared like this.
I hope there will be a semi-fixed episode of Narae’s boss’s home cooking ㅜㅜ Cheer up, Kiseok!
Still, the international singer of the Pyeongchang Olympics is EXO!!!
everyone. Let’s refrain from leaving malicious comments. Please really please.
Only the Natalie Report can be seen. Awesome!~
You're a golden spoon, so just collect the building tax and live comfortably. Don't crawl out.
I feel sorry for Oh Chang-seok ㅠㅠ
Jeong Jo-guk Kim Seong is tall and slender, so it won't work on his hair, but he can exercise. Basketball, volleyball.
It's really funny how people who haven't raised children, people who haven't gambled, and people who don't even know the situation are criticizing them. Are social misfits writing comments like this in a place like this? You should be embarrassed to try something and criticize others.
This feeling should last for a long time...marriage is not the problem.
Seriously, you live alone in this world..... If you suddenly walk towards me, I feel like I can't even breathe....
Even though I was too young, I didn't know about it.. but please work hard and repay me double! Even interest! If parents have debt, if they do not give up the inheritance, it will be passed down to their children.
Flowers cost 1,000? I'm jealous of dogs
Why are the comments here so weird? People flock here to comment.
Henry didn't know the importance of Dokdo because he took the picture. It would be symbolic if he took the picture so that the text showing the direction of Dokdo was visible. Only the direction was shown.
These bitches are fucking around, so why are you making it into an article as a recent situation? Hahahahahahahahahaha
It's such a crazy country
Please MeToo stop being annoying
Why do we have to know what they did with drugs?
Model Han Ye-seul is only faithful to her main job.
So, don't criticize me for being fat, fat women. Being short, losing your hair, and not being able to even try are the real complaints.
But who is this person who even writes an article?
Always eat mom first!!! Feed the baby later!
Chinese broadcasts should only be done in Chinese characters.
Why do women look at Facebook on their smartphones while pooping?
Dok2 may have made unfavorable words and actions at first glance, but if you look at it in reality, the quality of Show Me has plummeted since Dok2 and The Quiett were removed from the judging panel... There are not many people in the hip-hop industry who have made music this gentlemanly and cleanly.
Only innocent young men are being sacrificed because of Moon Jae-ang.
It's nothing more or less than a lewd expense that reveals women.
I had fun watching it yesterday~ I hope you enjoy it as a gift for yourself sometime^ ^
Korean Specialty: When something becomes old or disappears, it becomes deified.
Kungkungs, when you write comments, don’t add lol. Why are you laughing? Are you laughing because you think your comment is illogical? And please don't use words like "if it's terrible" or use your imagination as a reason.
You have to take responsibility for your boyfriend's face....
Why is it popular when it’s ugly??
Children are a blessing~ Cheer up~^^
He's the same age as me and the year he got married is the same. He's still at an age where he can live longer... I hope he goes to a good place...
I ruined a man's life, took drugs and lived in the gutter, so I got hate comments.
Hwijae, let’s just add another 10 years and we won’t quit!
Sanghwa has become prettier
But what about victory?
Exoneration for drunk driving again? Those crazy broadcasters. It may have been disappointing for Horan, but the viewers are not disappointed, so why is it like this? Criminals who cannot be forgiven. I think I'd rather be a gambling and drug offender. It's not like you're harming others. Directly. If you go to the end, it may be the same
Nerd, this is a good cosplay. But the outfit is so revealing that it raises question marks to some people. The bottoms were shorter than the stocking line, but it seemed like the person who made the costume was focused on making it for a game character, not for a person to wear.
Murderous MeToo bitches, bow your heads and apologize.
What do cultural sexual harassers have in common? Those who are on Park Geune's blacklist...
27 years, not 17, was really too much. I can't understand how this could be possible with love alone.
Of course, it's a flower grandpa rather than a flower grandma!
I think it would be okay if Lee Byung-hun appeared as an acting master~~
These pathetic Korean people really seem to have nothing to do...so let's choose disaster or a president.
IU should be viewed from a different perspective than singers, just as an actress and a candidate for the Baeksang Grand Prize.
To be honest, it looks cool because it's C Jamm. It has swagger.
Why is there not a word about Joy? It feels like they are passing all responsibility on Woo Do-hwan.
Honestly, it's true that I've been preparing for a long time. How long has it been since the broadcast of Please Take Care of Dad ended and you’re still insisting that I’m a broadcaster? I also appeared with Yeonyoung, but do I have to live a life away from acting because of their gaze?
Seriously, I cringed even after reading the article. Is this something to apologize for? For those who are angry, what on earth made you uncomfortable?... What does it matter if you are a married man or a married woman because you are a fan???
Wonjun Injun Sejun's father, I thought you were in Bbang. When did you get released from prison? As soon as he came out, he was very excited. Wonjun approved, Sejun’s father haha.
But I'm really curious. Why is Jeong Seon-hee being criticized when Ahn Jae-hwan committed suicide? I'm really curious. Is it because it was a murder? He committed suicide because he was stressed out about debt, but I'm really curious as to why the people who remain have to be criticized.
I thought you were single until now haha.
It's a network of oriental medicine doctors. Let’s get to know each other well and date each other.
Salimnam, the whole family is having fun right now. I'm a fan of Cool Yuri, and I'm so glad you came out.
Taehwan Yak is on a variety show??
Since Ji Chang-wook is between me, it's obvious that he has plastic surgery?
BoA, please be careful too. Wouldn't it be better to have an article that suddenly implicates BoA?? I believe not, but the evidence remains. It's best for you to be careful. No, don't do it, please.
The Jeolla-do dialect in the comment... It's really funny... The dialect reads like a Song Ga-in tone~~~
It's pretty, it's really pretty.
Don't curse at Lee Guk-joo... Still, as a woman, how hard is it to be funny while being broken... Even though Park Na-rae is funnier to me, I'm more attracted to Lee Guk-joo as a person... Lee Guk-joo is also a human being and a woman, so don't curse at all.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Look at Korean women fighting among themselves in the comments. The drama is real. This is why I am marrying a Japanese woman.
No matter what I do, I can't escape the high kick.
Title what???
San-i would be nice. Receiving lots of love from Hannam~ Hannam Hannam
There's a reason why journalists are criticized
She's pretty and good at acting^^ I will cheer her on in her next work as well.
Yoon Ji-sung, Lee Dae-hwi, and Ha Sung-woon also received awards.
Old sin???
The Jeju Island hotel may have been finished well, but the difficulties the hotel staff were having at the time were shown on TV.
Let’s hold a press conference because there’s something to sting, right? LOL It tastes like a toilet.
Seonghyun-ah is so pretty, she was a goddess during my growing up years~!!!
In this comment, 81% of the people are men. Is it okay for men to applaud each other and curse at women, you psychopaths?
Cheer up~~ I pray that the deceased rest in peace..
Why did it come out? Change the channel~
Can’t Tony An live alone? I'm still living with 2 people. I don't understand.
Look at how the screen changes because there are always ugly, dirty, and old male pigs like Kian and Lee Si-eon, but then a clean, neat and fresh male idol, Hwang Min-hyeon, appears~~ It's just fun to watch haha. After all, men must be handsome, young, and capable~~
Live happily...
Since men like clothes like that, the sex crime rate is going up. Let's go to prison for men wearing low-quality clothes so that women can walk around the streets at night with peace of mind.
The one who belongs to that race...
I was the female lead at drama school^^ I think I was class president.
Could it be sponsorship?
Think of it as a victory for your family, you evil commenters.
They keep talking about it, so why are they coming out? I'm going to use the money to raise them to create a new group like me, Iggy.
Those wiggly feet are like a photo. It’s so funny.
Gakjae is visiting Eunhyuk in hospital.
Why are you so shy at an age where you can be called old man? Aren’t you both turning 60 soon??
Daily cut suits you very well.
Oh my gosh hahahaha it’s been a while since I laughed so much that I cried hahaha
I just followed the on-site instructions. What do you know?
Mong was still a good person.
Looks like Liu Yifei
It's true that the two of them are fun together, but it's not much different from other entertainment shows.
Just live quietly. Celebrities are asking me to come out on TV.
Personally, it's too far-fetched and childish... I'm sorry... ㅠㅠ
I really enjoyed it @_@ When I look at Namgoong Min, I find myself immersed in the drama because he is a similar type of actor with acting skills to Park Bo-gum, who I like. Have more success!!
Isn’t this an age where it’s okay for mothers to be absent? Why is a mother caught between an adult man and woman? Divorce is such a big deal these days, but you can't live with people you don't get along with for the rest of your life, right? Haha, it’s so frustrating.
Around the time of the divorce, you both became very pretty, right? Song Joong-ki is the prettiest actress in Arthdal, including Song Hye-kyo. I watch the recent CF and give up the remote control. Wow just a goddess
Kim Gun-mo and Seo Tai-ji have similar feelings.
Giving birth at 47?
She looks like Kim Go-eun
Ace's assault was his final role as leader. The girls don't understand the deep sadness he feels when he leaves after making his colleagues famous.
It went too far
It's the same guy, but I'm embarrassed by it all
Another face transformed. She will become the fan lady.
Song Joong-ki is a waste.
Looking at Lee Na-young, she's pretty... she's pretty... she's pretty as expected... How can she be so pretty even after giving birth without changing at all... I'm just admiring her, I can't even see what's going on ㅜ I need to focus again starting tomorrow haha, but Sky Castle is super focused today. ㅠ I’m not sure ㅜㅜ
What the Liberty Korea Party looks like is clearly visible in this drama... that bastard interpreter...
I'm sick of Yoo Jae-seok's character now.
I'm not curious.
Are the kids in middle school who talk about engineering and private life blah-blah? It's so hard to focus on work while dating, but I think Hyuna did a good job in dating because she worked harder on her stage and showed a professional attitude while dating.
When I see people leaving malicious comments, I think they are out of their minds haha.
Malicious commenters need to be caught, but the real name system? Do you know what the real name system means?... This is China or North Korea...
Is there a job called an M&A expert?^^I work in the PF financial industry, but this is my first job like that. Haha.
It's meant to be funny, as it often appears on entertainment shows, but looking at Yoo Jae-seok's extremely accurate lie detector test, it seems like he's definitely having a hard time at home. I feel like Yoo Jae-seok is accurate, but Na Kyung-eun is more accurate, so I guess he's usually frustrated at home.
I thought it was volleyball player Lee Jae-young.
Seokcheon seems like a really nice guy, but I think the kids might feel ashamed and embarrassed that they were adopted by a gay uncle. If it were me, I would be embarrassed to go to school.
It looks good. Even if a couple breaks up, they can't break their natural relationship.
I know that Kim Tae-song, the founder and CEO of TS Entertainment, committed suicide due to losses and business failures, so who on earth is the one who keeps filing lawsuits against his artists?
There are many people who are good at it, but no one has as much impact as Song Ga-in. Still, she is better than the voice queen.
You say you're a business woman, but what does a business woman do? Haha, and why is the lawyer Kang Yong-seok?
Author, please still tie it in with Choi Jin-hyuk♡Jang Na-ra and Sunny♡Wang-sik.
I love my girl my girl
Even though he's an acting technician, he can only do one thing: yelling all the time.
The guy called my husband is in a bad state... The guy with money is beautiful. I hit a human from the Hwaryu world...lol.
Are the kids making sexually harassing remarks here hiding behind overseas responses, or are they just bastards with nothing to lose? I need to eat soybean rice once to come to my senses.
It has nothing to do with victory, but I was surprised ㅡ.ㅡ^^^
"Today's ATP coach, "I am responsible for today's loss."" On the other hand, today's President Moon Jae-in says, ""I will take responsibility for the coronavirus later."" Those who do not take responsibility from the beginning will not be responsible later. Watch and learn from the ATP coach. "
It's hard to live in Jeolla-do. I'd rather live with a dog.
Anyway, you're ugly, you're a beggar, mysticism, that guy's concept is all old, you're like that, Noh Hong-cheol in martial arts, your personality is ugly, you're ugly.
My head is big
Isn’t this also something the doormats went crazy over?
The important thing is that the song is good, like Girls' Generation.
They told me to smoke a bit more, so I ended up going...
I really enjoyed it~~I’m looking forward to the future. go for it!
Baek Jong-won also had no original intention.
All you have to do is skip Jeolla-do while living in society.
All you have to do is pray and try to do what God says is good. You don't go to church just because you see pastors. They are human too, they are all greedy when they see money and it's all the same. You shouldn't criticize God or the church.
Park Yoo-chun.....your forehead is very wide....from what I can see, you will be wearing a wig sooner or later....you look like you like freebies....a liar. a liar. you get punished every time you open your mouth.
It is also a gay magazine. The fashion industry cannot function without homosexuals.
Jeongjun Gisagireo.
I didn't know Sunmi was an original member of Wonder Girls. I thought she was a new member.
You are a true teacher. Kim Beom-ryong, who overcame difficult circumstances well, is also amazing. Kim Beom-ryong is a singer I really like.
It's a photo from 2016 haha
It's so fun, I'll definitely watch it every weekend.
Ku Hye-sun is active like that because she is confident. Ahn Jae-hyun is not quiet because he is good at it, but because he has a lot of things to do, so he hides behind his agency and is quiet because he is afraid of avoiding drama. He is an irresponsible person.
I've seen it all and I don't know what it's about
Regardless of his musical skills, Yang Dong-geun has the best on stage pose.
What's wrong with Yoon Seo-bin when a trash rat and a chicken are also president?
I took legal action for no reason. If it turns out to be true, I won't be able to make a living in the entertainment industry. I like it because they say I'm just as shameless as my parents, but I think it would be better to just keep quiet about this issue. Don't exaggerate it for no reason.
People who say they're getting married but leave hateful comments because it's not the celebrity they like are pathetic.
Even if I think about it a hundred times, I still don't understand. It's not like I'm pretending to be pretty and young, giving birth to a child and living from hand to hand while I'm cooking, but I'm always traveling and showing off my body.. what should I do?
There is no such thing as a goddess, seriously
ㅆThe ​​natural beauty is so good that it can't be compared to other achievements. It's almost like actress Lee Young-ae's beauty.
At most 3 years...
Kim Soo-hyun, an old man, was just like his cousin... His half-sister Kim Joo-na is 100 times better. By the way, I pity the popular actors Seo Ye-ji and Kim Sae-ron who were recruited by that terrible entertainment agency.
Song Hye-kyo is pretty, but the comments seem too artificial, so the proportion is in her 30s and 40s haha. As expected, older women say older women are pretty.
Kim Hyun-joo and Son Ye-jin are one of the few actors who not only have natural beauty but also acting skills.
Even if you hate Nam Tae-hyun's genitals, you can't hate his national treasure vocal chords that moved the nation, right?
I'm really curious, but is On Yuri the vice president's daughter out of wedlock? Is she or is she an adulteress? She said she had been having an affair, but I thought she was lying about being an extramarital woman, and she watched a drama..
Haha plus I'm so sick of Yoo Jae Suk ㅡㅡ
Have you ever thought about the nearby shops that make a living from side dish stores?
He likes women and is good at flirting, so be careful.
May the souls of the deceased refrain
Think about being filial like Sunmi, Korean women. Don’t just get horny and think about meeting a man.
Is it blood cancer among cancers?
It's unfortunate, but it seems like your daily habits have become toxic. I hope you make a full recovery.
A ridiculous drama. You're playing a prank on the viewers.
I wonder what they do at a restaurant after studying abroad
A thin person is much worse and unlucky than that kind of person. Having weight to lose is also a blessing, and it is much more difficult to gain weight in the first place. Just know this. Whether you are a man or a woman, a thin person is much more unhappy than a fat person.
Celebrity parents are all con artists and scammers.
So what that means is that Sunye acted selfishly without any sense of responsibility. Look carefully at the articles from back then. He said he was preparing for a comeback when he needed it, but he may have gone in because of criticism, but if the team was in a situation where he was going to disband at his time, he should have come out beautifully.
Characteristics of it: Although the contents are all known, they are just a piece of cake and only raise suspicions.
What is this bitch doing? This is my first time hearing about it. I searched it and found that she hasn't been active recently. Is she trying to make her name known at this time?
It really makes you feel how amazing the power of modern medicine is.
Damn, why are you cursing at people of the same race as you? Why are you so annoying? lol
Miss Hara, I will be here cheering you on!
Just now, when he was threatening the president's woman, Yoo Dong-geun's uncle, he used force. It's been a while since he showed force during Jeong Do-jeon, but he didn't make it like this a long time ago because he made a strange character.
Please also think about the Sewol Ferry children.
You don’t feel very tense, do you? Compared to Rain Forest or Confession, it feels like a child's play haha.
If he divorced quietly like Song Joong-ki, it wouldn't have caused more damage to his career in the entertainment industry than it does now.
No, but the cast member is Yoo Jae-seok, but most of the time they film celebrities' daily lives while the camera is rolling, and Yoo Jae-seok is not always with them, so why is Yoo Jae-seok included in the cast? It's so strange...
Son Dam-bi is a master craftsman-level cheat.
Jo Min-ki said that he was harmed by TV, but there is no truth to it. The victim did not come forward and file a complaint, and it is all full of gossip.. He said he had an affair like that, but did his wife love him that much? It's full of questions.
I miss women so much
It is said that souls who commit suicide do not go to heaven and wander around the nine heavens.
It's true that Hyori really has someone behind her. The peak of duplicity~ Just to mention one thing, she was a promotional ambassador for Korean beef, but when she changed to vegetarian, she suffered a big blow. Well, if you search for Hyori Lee's duplicity, you'll get upset.
Honestly, that's true. Donations are not a trend, but there must be an organization like Sung Yu-ri that donates consistently. If you get singled out, why don't you post it on Instagram? Why do people do that? It's not an obligation haha ​​I don't care haha
Is there a law that says you can't wear a swimsuit if you have a cast? Just say you’re jealous because she’s pretty.
I don’t want to hear the Jeolla-do dialect.
I think the two of you could date haha, they suit each other well.
I won’t forget that I ran at super speed thinking of Kang Daniel’s fans. Let’s go together in the future❤️
For some reason, the level doesn't really suit me, but when I told him I was going to be in a drama as Kim Soo-hyun's partner, he recruited me from his agency. Kim Soo-hyun's movie is also the same, and I spoon-feed Kim Soo-hyun and it doesn't help.
Since this is the case, By9ine debut is the answer.
If only she wasn't a Christian... I feel sorry for Yoona, who is caught up in the barbaric worldview and values ​​of the medieval era.
Isn't it more fun than Boyfriend? The screening rate is around 7% and it's even good for weekend programming, but these guys aren't allowed to grab Boyfriend's hair, but the result is still Boyfriend.
It doesn't matter who did the drugs. Please look at the essence of the incident.
Why is the pig so good at making things that make you sore, gain weight, and make you whine so much? So, eat in moderation and eat in moderation‼️‼️‼️‼️
I heard that Han Ji-min and Nam Joo-hyuk are also working together in the movie Joje and the drama Here. It seems like they had good chemistry during The Light in Your Eyes.
You idiots, whether you're cheating or stealing, stay in that room. It's human nature to want to get out as soon as possible. Hate sin and people are the same.
Vitality TV on YouTube spread a video defaming teacher Shin Seong-il. I hope this malicious commenter gets sued.
All women should follow Sulli’s example. We don't have to hide our breasts anymore. Let's expose them like Sulli! I'm rooting for you, Sulli!
Quixote? It will probably be evaluated as the worst entertainment of all time.
Drug addiction, plastic surgery addiction... phew
Hwasa turned off too many settings Rice cake and honey stamp cultivator Neighborhood relatives
Sunmi studied well too, as expected from JYP? lol
There is a lot of credit for Lee Seung-hwan between the two...I don't think there was any mention of Lee Seung-hwan.
Buzz is Min Kyung-hoon~~~!
You look a bit like P.O.
Criminal organization to be disbanded soon
They are also affected... So, if they step into the entertainment industry, they become addicted to it like a drug... I was hoping you wouldn't be like that...
Stop teasing Sulli, you ugly, pretty girl.
The title is aggroㅡㅡ Looking at the name, it's Jo Hye-ryun haha ​​Maybe because we have the same name, I do the same thing as the comedian Jo Hye-ryeon.
Seeds of interest Anyway, SNS is increasing celebrity disease.
The meaning is profound, but it's more childish than sick, haha, so it's hard to watch.
There are really a lot of crazy people.
Dog and Pig Special: Boycott Japanese companies Uniqlo, Japanese beer, etc. But Spider-Man and Twice are consumption haha.
An unrivaled character with a lot of talent and a character that hasn't been seen in Korea until now. Fighting, sister!!
My heart aches so much~ He was a good actor and a really pretty actor~~ Please rest in peace.
Kim Myung-min, a truly wonderful actor. I heard you look much better in person...
Even if she gets divorced, Park Han-byul's job is as an entertainer and she has to make a living, so isn't it too much to ask her not to appear on TV? They say it's not their life...
Looking at the woman's face, it looks like $1,000 was a lot.
A dazzling goddess anytime you see her~~
Everyone else is leaving
What are we to criticize a person who lives hard and does not harm us? It was nice to see Hong Soo-ah's passion for acting. There was also a belief in the laughter. I cheer for you!!
As expected, it is the icon of defeat. 3 losses.
He guides his work well, but that damn rapper label is hahahaha.
Go Young-wook always comes? Hahahahahaha
There is no point in watching.
Why is Tony there??? I think Kookheon should be there ㅠㅠ Fighting! I will always support you
Why did you have to go to Jeolla-do and suffer such a disaster?
please go away
There are so many ignorant people... Are murder and medical manslaughter the same? Does it make sense to spend two years after killing someone? Ignorance can only be considered cute if it is ignorant to a certain extent... I guess people like that have one vote just like me...
I have a model body, so it's nice, but dieting is my daily routine and I'm older, so I'm worried about whether I'll be able to get pregnant when I get married.
Together... Isn't that frame Shin Young-bok's handwriting?? Huh.... Well, the documentaries are leftists, so it's like that. Also, like the first one, these are terms that communists like to use, and the font is like theirs, too.
I think something happened with his sponsor before, but is he already married? lol! After that happened, I completely disliked it! If we're going to go on like this, how about retiring at the same time? It's been a long time since we left this topic out! lol! bye! I'm not interested anyway, so I just hope it's okay!
“In the end, Junyoung and Dasom end up having an affair, and I vote for going to a deserted island. Haha, I become a natural person and appear on “I Am a Natural Person.”
Even their agencies... I support the two couples, but what if they break up later?
It really is the most enviable life in the world,, Baek Jong-won is such a real person,,,, I’m jealous of So Yoo-jin ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Yeo Jin-gu is the male lead so you won't see it...
Malicious commenters = Noan-on who can't even read a word.
Chinese people are really great
But is it at the level of being placed at the level of a singer?
yg music is forever. Without YG music in K-pop, pop music will grow.
It may not have been wrong to go to the room, but then you shouldn't get married... A NO bachelor, not an old bachelor, shouldn't get married without conscience.
Just looking at the title of the article smells like fun haha.
Playing ball and playing ball is what a government job is. The Kimchi men are ugly, so look at them sucking each other. Haha.
Is there no romance between Kim Gap-su and Kim Tae-ri? When you get to Gap-soo Kim's age, all you think about is young, pretty girls.
Really bad-looking stars like Bong Tae-gyu, Yoo Hae-jin, and Jeong Jong-cheol. Tae-gyu sucked his lips in Han Ye-seul and Nonstop 4. Poor guy.
Even if I'm crazy, let's try being a female celebrity. Please appear on TV too. I'm proud that I'm better looking than Jang Dong-gun.
Jeon Hyun-moo, former KBS announcer, I'm really jealous. She was born in 1992 and has a great age gap, but she's my girlfriend.
Is there so much interest in the Japanese flag or the heart?? It's hard to take care of your own life, so just focus on other people's lives.
Please hug Kyuhyun now too~~♡♡
Jjongseok, the excitement maker
But Mr. Baek Jong-won's style is too much of an old man's style. These days, there are many cases of pretentiousness rather than taste. Even the macaron shop where the owner's personality is a problem is still doing well. It's a world where you can make a living just by being pretty.
Jiyeon is a professional singer. If you look at the force when doing solo, the force is different from that of idols these days.
Today was so much fun haha ​​Hong Jinyoung’s cuteness is good.
But I'm curious. What happens to my parents-in-law or mother-in-law if I get divorced? What if we meet on the street? I'm really curious. Now that our relationship has changed, I wonder what we will call each other and how we will treat each other.
Honestly, even if you get treatment at the hospital, you still look young and take good care of yourself. Are women jealous for no reason? narrow-minded things
Drama: Cinderella Man-Love Rain-Prime Minister and Me-The K2-Wangsa Entertainment: Patty 2 Sound source: Duet with 10cm Legendary Yoona, who exploded in all fields
Anyone can get dementia if they don't think differently, settle down, only rely on comfort, and don't make efforts to exercise or improve their memory. People who are particularly stubborn, think only in one way, and insist that they are right are 100% likely to get dementia.
Aren’t the sisters really miscast? Haha, they are like aunts.
Just tomato sauce on pizza? Haha, how could you think like that?
Dongwoo ㄹㅇ It’s too loud.
There must have been some misunderstanding...
One article said she looked like Seolhyun haha.
The fact is that Goo Hye-sun is famous for her false statements, and she is now in a situation where both the front and back are incoherent haha. She has a habit of lying, such as saying that she used to have a left brain twice as big and was skilled in oil painting. Let’s search for Goo Hye-sun’s false statements.
Come back from the military
Who is Yuna Kim? He seems to be good at singing
Isn't it because of the cigarettes?
lose japanese soccer
They must be over 10 years apart, but are they a married couple? I'm curious about what it's about...
Even though it's a broadcast, Go Joo-won's personality can be seen. Viewers are not stupid. I just don't want to see Go Joo-won ㄲ ㅓㅈ ㅕ
Looks sexy
It seems like things are going well after breaking up with Lady Jane.
Characteristics of Yoo Jae-seok's entertainment show: Only guests appear, make him dance, have fun
Why do I suddenly think of the mummy?
♥In the article, Yoon Chong-kyung and Seungri are all in Jeolla-do, drinking, playing golf, and continuing to watch bars other than Seungri, including the suspension of business. Even if it is a temple that should be separated rather than born ♥
ㅉㅉㅉ I'm not saying it's wrong for an individual to go on a trip... The problem is that they posted it on social media at such a sensitive time!
You don’t understand. Now, who is causing you this? Before you sue, find yourself. What are you hoping for?!!!
Let's get off
Isn’t it cabbage?
They like crappy flight attendants.
When I look at Sulli, I also think of Seo Lim Cheong-hana from Heavenly Lady Yuhon. A visual that gives off a somewhat sad and dreamlike feeling...
Why do we have to see news articles about celebrities succeeding in dieting or getting pregnant? Is that so great? Even if Yoyo returns to normal in a few months, there will still be articles written about it.
Yes, the next viewership rating!
Is what a dumpling girl does just dating at a publishing company? Is it impossible to live at work without a man???
Just buy lightning bullets and finish quietly.
Jung Jun-ho is a cool actor!
Honestly, isn't this a piece of shit?
Hahahahaha How did you end up appearing on TV talking about that bad guy without even getting married? If they broke up without getting married, it would be a great comedy haha.
This is my first time hearing about Lee Chang-seop. Is that an idol’s name?
I'm in my 20s. Try dating a lot.
Hee! The bitches in diapers got drunk and fell asleep in the army.
I don't miss it at all
In the end, Jinyoung is a million times worse off. That's what the wild guys do. ㅉ ㅉ
Ilhwa, how pretty are you?
Even though I want to give affection to him, Na Young-seok strangely doesn't.
My heart hurts. Don’t learn to drink exclusively. Trust in Jesus.
I wanted to see Oh Dal-soo's drama return, but something like this happened...
Namgoong Min is a great actor, but his physical skills are disappointing.
You're paying the worst price. I can't help someone who does a lot of good things.
A charming actor...
It's up to the investigators to decide whether there is a crime or not... It seems like it's past time for you kids in the entertainment industry to decide whether something is wrong or not. This time, we will be investigating various crimes in the Korean entertainment industry, including tax evasion, drugs, and prostitution.
They just seem to like each other~~Hong Jin-young likes a manly man with class and leadership, and Kim Jong-guk also seems to like a woman with a lot of charm.
It's getting less fun so I don't watch it anymore.
My brother's country was afraid of the Russian invasion, so they entered the war in 625 to join NATO. And that's only the ethnic minorities who were oppressed in Turkey... They withdrew from the military immediately after joining NATO... And among the countries that participated in 625, the unit that committed the most rape was the Turkish army. ..
The past must be left in the past. If you don't like it, I'll even dig up your great-great-grandfather.
Han Hye-jin is loyal~
I wish Pilmo Lee would marry Jaewon, who is as beautiful as Seo Suyeon...
ㅠㅠ It’s like I grew up watching movies dubbed by Park Il-seong-woo. I will miss your voice. I pray that the deceased rest in peace.
To be honest, it's true that my breasts are exposed and all of my buttocks are visible, and I look overly exposed and cheap. But it's just meh haha
People are so scary. ㅠㅠ We have to first consider and listen to the faults of the hacking... No matter what is wrong, it is very wrong...
Who would openly lie and say they took a picture of a cherry lol?
The comment is so funny. I'm scared to see it overseas haha.
What did Shownu do wrong? Innocent...
Left Red Dog ㅆ ㄹ ㄱ Drama A sad drama that glorifies the North Korean military.
For a victim of school violence, he's very brave. If he was severely abused, he wouldn't normally be able to express himself like that. He was just annoyed, but seeing that it turned out okay seems to be annoying. In the end, people who suffered similar bullying will join in, and celebrities will be more nervous.
Is this an article???
Even if the intention is good, a performance like this that causes inconvenience to others does not look very good. Even if you are pointed out wisely like Park Bo-gum, you will end it by ending it yourself.
Really... really... I'm a grumpy idiot.. I'm real...
“The academic consensus is that Tony Stark was always jealous of the catchphrase “I am Groot”.”
Obesity is shameful. It means you can't take care of yourself. You should be ashamed of yourself.
No matter how good China is, it is not as good as it was during the time of Gae Doo-hwan...
This couple is so cute~~~
This group was born in a hurry to imitate hot.. The members' relationship and teamwork were not so good.
Let's face it, you're a power criminal. I heard that the first lady suffered quite a bit in sending money to North Korea to Abang Palace, but it's been a long time between them. We all know it's true, but the thief said he was numb... I guess he ate it.
How long will old women in their 40s want to relive their memories? I should have started a program like that sooner in my early 30s. It’s old and ugly. ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
More and more people you just never heard of appear. Have you lost your ability to recruit people? If this is going to happen, have Park Geun-hye and Lee Myung-bak appear and tell them to become singers.
Nam Tae-hyun's friends went crazy and didn't even know how to close the comment collection window, so they left it open and cosplayed as regular people. Wow, I'm sick and tired of it. If you don't know the order of intelligence, you have to memorize it.
What's wrong with fashion? Doesn't my husband give me pocket money?
What do you want me to do? Just get off. These two guys are the same. It's been so long since I broke up with Woo-chan that I thought I would be the one to mess around with the entertainment department. Ugh, I thought it was pathetic that Dhal-sim wasn't like this.
Be humble.
Isn’t San-i a victim?? I think someone put him here to say fuck him, but hey???
Isn’t Park Bo-gum + Song Joong-ki Jung Hae-in?? It’s a real statue ㅜㅜ
The voice was strange... His eyes were narrowed and his eyes were... Young...
Divorce due to nature? Think carefully. The children bear that pain. It's contradictory for a divorced couple to be sitting at their child's wedding.
Ryu Jun-yeol, stop...
Is that guy sick somewhere? Your health doesn't seem to be good.
It reminds me of when my eldest child was young. I made a plan and worked hard to follow my mother's plan, but it is difficult as younger siblings are born one after another. I support Jeongwoo's mother's consistent efforts.
At least it looks like this when it's decorated with clothes and accessories... It's an unsophisticated look when worn plainly...
A typical man who likes a good body (=plastic surgery monster)
I had a lot of things to do... but I was pushed and ended up like that...
If the company had pushed Suzy in the beginning because of her unique appearance since Spica, she would have been at least as good as Suzy. She is also a chronic waiter, so it is not too late, so make sure to walk the flower path from now on....
The story is very similar to the original. Just bring the synopsis and change the episodes a bit.
I've never seen it...just Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is the only one who drives around regularly.
You two suit each other
In foreign countries, flight attendants are shunned because they are considered trivial and a 3D job, but in Korea alone, flight attendants are stigmatized as a great job.
Honestly, Clara’s visuals are the best in Korea.
Is there a place that does hip surgery? They say Korea is the best in the world when it comes to cosmetic surgery?
I think Simon D is more fun
I had so much fun with Song Joong-ki's eyes and excitement~~~I thought it was a foreign movie when I saw him riding a horse~~~Jang Dong-gun has a profound and atmospheric atmosphere, and I can't help but say that~ I am thankful that the Korean Wave has grown so that we can see such quality dramas~
The development of medical technology in our country is truly amazing.
I support Jaehyun Jo!!
Seojin Lee, please stop coming out.
You're playing celebrity by hanging out with celebrities who don't look like celebrities... I'm interested~
Characteristics of a harmonious family: My wife is pretty.
I hope it wasn't Jung Eun-chae
Hyun Bin's wife Son Ye-jin....
Cha Tae-hyun, Song Joong-ki, Park Bo-gum, and the warm Blossom image are sexual assault criminals.
The public wanted photos like that on their personal Instagrams too. But in reality, that wasn't the case!
You have to see the real thing. There are a lot of good filter apps these days.
Zico is a stoner... haha
Is this a mating pro? poor quality
Clara’s family and qualifications? Better than Seoul National University. Graduated from a Swiss university 32 ranks higher, speaks 6 languages, father was once No. 1 on the European charts for 15 weeks, daughter of Koreana member, parents' wealth estimated at 100 billion won. End of being a businessman in Switzerland and Europe
I don't know if this is a serious and deadly sin that is worth this level of controversy. It's just that I revealed my personality... Is this a mistake made by someone with poor character once or twice?
Of course it's right to apologize. I can't help but think that he had some intention in publicly disclosing his following status and embarrassing the entire nation.. Besides, Jang Seong-gyu is a married man, right? Is this not a deliberate attempt to criticize me or what?
I don’t think it will last long.. any time soon..
It’s pretty haha
Why would Oh Chang-seok go out to a place like that and date? Oh Chang-seok must be around a lot of decent women... I don't understand!!
The way she speaks has changed, and she used to be a pretty person, but she has become fat and strange.
I was told it was fun and funny today and the reaction was..lol.
"April says one thing: "Being pretty is a sin"" Goo Hara says ""Life imprisonment"""
Still, shouldn’t we live by doing what everyone else is doing? Get married and raise children
I don't want to see it anymore. please.
The real idols are Sechs Kies
I loved Seunggi, the highlight of the Butler Department today ^^
Be sure to celebrate the dedication ceremony.
In terms of movies, Kim Ji-cheol's position in the world of music and drama is higher than Shin So-yul's, so Ji-cheol should also do a movie.
