
Marry IU
Haha, you people who said they were hoarding money in the comments, please stop talking about it without proof. You are just being selfish... haha.
No, I really hate Kim Hye-na so much, she even appears in my dreams.
It's amazing. Mom, why are you like that? You're prettier than the girls.
Kimchi girls get golden brown and tremble when they see a tall man???
The reporter is a woman. If Hwasa dances like that, people will say she has a girl crush. What is their duplicity?
When I see a girl like Gangnam, I feel a bit disappointed as she is not a good person...
Ha... I'm disappointed in living alone... Im Soo-hyang's nuclear fun ㅠㅠㅠ I'll air Park Na-rae's episode longer.
Is it because there are so many unemployed people? Why are the malicious commenters so popular? Tasteless trash.
When did you just go to the music stage?
Why don’t we just get married? What an article. Huh~~~
Ugh.. Lee So-ra looked like she had lifted her face well with laser hair, but she sat down without being able to do anything about her eyelids. I’m laughing.
I think I'll have to change the rest as well. Everyone is boring and old.
I can go in with a lot of effort.. the acting is really good.
Song Ji-hyo, Kim Jong-guk, and Yang Se-chil should seriously consider leaving... The rest are all fun, but the problem is with those people who bring down the mood.
Jeon Hyun-moo made a life choice. Like Lee So-ra who broke up with Shin Dong-yeop, Jeon Hyun-moo will meet a professional woman and live well in the future, and Han Hye-jin will be like Lee So-ra. An old woman with a broken heart brags about meeting a younger man, and is destined to grow old ugly.
After all, a woman has to be pretty haha. A man has a place for ugly otakus, but ugly girls are useless haha.
I'm so happy that I no longer see this drama on the ranking news because it's a drama about 40-year-old women who smell bad. It's a romance between a 40-year-old woman and a man, so I'm not immersed in it at all haha.
Suddenly, I remember Illionaire from Show Me. There won't be anything happening anytime soon ㄷㄷㄷ His prophecy came true ㅇㄷ beat
Shut your mouth... Jjajangmyeon restaurants and Baekdabang, etc., that have been lined up in the alley markets... You should pull out... They have a lot of money and they are greedy for money.
Don't show this young man on TV. It's disgusting to watch. It's creepy. It's disgusting to watch.
Lee Bo-ram is said to be the prettiest..
I know a kid who has become a star and is making good money, but his life is going nowhere, so he keeps bragging about it, and when he feels the right time, he explodes.
What’s wrong with this guy, you bastards hahahaha
It would be nice if Operation Amy Water Ghost was a great event...
Hahaha everyone knows.. who should be the love line now??? Let's go with Kim Jong-kook and Jeon So-Min-woo hahahaha Gwang-soo, if we break up, I'll create a love line again haha ​​Like I Live Alone Jeon Hyun-moo and Han Hye-jin hahahaha Come back again
There seems to be a slight possibility that this is a flower snake! Jo Jae-hyun is so confident, and he looks like he is full of fighting spirit, saying he will take this opportunity to reverse his past mistakes and live his life again. Haha, maybe not, but if he is a flower snake, he is really harming other victims.
Is this an article? Tsk tsk tsk
Why do you want to sleep like that? Come up to the prison land
Since the family is rich, they would have signed a contract and paid the interest on the loan even if they brought 500. If anything happens, they can go to their parents, so they are wealthy.
It's getting cheaper and cheaper...
I was curious so I looked at her Instagram and she posted a lot of videos and just looked cute haha. I'm a girl.
Lee Hyori’s Sidari-IU,..,IU’s Sidari-Yoo In-na haha
The more I look at Shin Da-eun, the more attractive she becomes.
They scam together, women get all the hate for sexual harassment, and men say that scamming women is their ability, man, die. Cheer up, Suzy.
Are you infertile, one of the two, or are you deliberately not having children? Do you have any plans for a second generation?
The daughter-in-law, husband, and in-laws are all the same. This is an unlikable family from beginning to end. I can’t believe they left the show.. I’ll have to watch Inari again starting next week.
Why suicide at a time like this? Is this the only way to write a drama?
Hey hey go away
Come live with me, sister.......♥
It's not a crime, so just leave it to me to live well.
They say you were really impressive and pretty before plastic surgery.
You should hurry up and enlist, dude.
Go Norazo
After Ganga's Light Life, confess to MeToo, confess and then go wear your own electronic anklet.
They purposely find a messy place and recruit them.
It's good to make money abroad. Dogs and pigs only criticize each and every detail of my private life and abuse me like I'm a scholar.
News of civilian deaths is also in the article ;;
Yuna = Senior citizen grandmother
It's a pity ㅡ.ㅡ I just revealed my color a little... I took it too seriously~ It's natural for a man to reveal a woman haha.
Don’t sell our Bangtan oppa’s memories carelessly!!
Song Joong-ki, wow, really.... inconsiderate.
Jo Yeo-jeong looks best in a dress that flares out at the bottom with her white hair.
Netizens went on a witch hunt and killed one person... poor Min Ki-hyung.
Haha Chu hahaha I saw it on Salty Tour hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha so bright
What is this drama really?? Haha I don't want to know
Look at the heat..ㄷㄷ
Yes congratulations
Personally, I think it will go well with YG.
Wow, he grew up really nicely.
Haha, instead of losing it to 14 kg, shouldn't I add one more 0 and lose it to 140 kg?? Normally, it's hard to get pregnant with a body like that...even if you get pregnant...I don't know because there's no difference...until you give birth lol Anyway, I hope you're happy and well~~~
There are a lot of men in the world... It's so pitiful.
It's really good, but even if you're not bound by the institution of marriage, if you live with love and care, that's family.
Wife, do a good job cracking down.
When he said “This is my daughter,” I really cried. Yoo Dong-geun’s acting was amazing. I can understand how he feels a little sad and doesn’t know what to do because of his daughter. Anyway, it was so sad.
As expected, my feelings about receiving an award are different from others. As for the person who ruined the mood and made a mess yesterday by appointing a candidate as a bridesmaid. The object is also on a different level
Mina, please act better...tsk tsk
Although he is young, he is an actor with a unique eye for choosing projects^^ I support you♡
Is this Bae Yeon-jeong’s daughter?
It's like I've gone through all the hardships in the world, and I've earned that much. Gangnam, who is seen in a two-shot of the two, looks like a woman with short hair, and Lee Sang-hwa looks like a man with long hair.
Lee Sa-bae is much better.
There were 6 of us who did that for 20 years, so haha. Kang Pil-ju waited and endured it for 20 years alone..
32% of people in their 40s are idiots... tsk tsk tsk
I had so much fun watching it. I can't believe it's already over.. I happened to see the first episode and started watching it right away haha.
My body didn't comply. It must have been a lot of pain. Just be honest...
Wow, all three are different haha. The eldest one looks like he studies like the eldest, the second one looks pretty, and the third one looks like he can play well.
Take care and take care, I’ll be waiting for you
A drama without context. So it's good haha
Don't get a spoon!
There really is no character
The cicadas don't seem to have any fun ㅇㅇㅋ
Lee Hyo's face has a full nose. That nose wasn't really that normal.
Where is the innocence?! They retouched it so much that the face looks artificial! lol
But if you're a teammate, why don't you ask me if I cheated on you? Isn't Jinja's personality so good if he likes extra women?
Why are we so proud of exposure accidents?
Males who served in the military in Korea are sent on free trips and filmed for broadcast, and all of them beat the odds.
Positive mindset... I'm jealous.
Just walk briskly haha
Why don't you love me as a woman and why do you dress up as a man?
Do you criticize Kang Sung-hoon for how much he has done for Sechskies? Are you sane?
There's a smell somewhere in the distance?? the lobby??
I was horrified to see Gong Yoo rushing over and holding my hand. If you're being threatened, please wave a carrot at me.
It seems like there is a virus going around in Korea that is eating the brains of people full of selfishness.
Men are going to fly away
Deokseon’s mom, didn’t you film any erotic movies when you were very young? I want to see you,,,,
I really don't know who it is, but I don't always know...
I guess it's really unfair to see that the rape mother didn't commit suicide.
The article is strange...what does it matter if other people wear it or not...Did Shirley ask for the article to be published as part of it?? Question...is there a need to worry about what other people are wearing? really...
Hmm... it looks like a typical symptom of depression. I need to get psychological treatment first.
Girls!!! Check out Goo Hara's ex-boyfriend Choi Jong-beom's Instagram. He has a handsome face.
If you coolly tell your wife that you love her past, you will become a better husband, and what is the importance of your past?? He is currently an asset worth tens of billions of won.,.! A truly narrow-minded husband, a Hannam class whose past must be glorified.
If you're an iKON, I'd have thought you'd be dating a bit of a hot girl haha. I was dating a hot girl haha.
Oppa, I will always support Kang Sunghoon.
There are currently 5,000 people in Korea who worked that hard and succeeded that much. However, the reality is that most of them are criticized for no reason because of their wealth and fame, or are hated by the government and live in silence... ㅠㅠ Baek Jong-won also lives while overcoming many threats and criticism. ㅠㅠ
Stop it, you hateful commenters, aren’t you tired? I'm sick of it.
They're both famous for their acting skills, but I wonder if they're behind the scenes... A love line between Park Bo-gum and the dwarf bullfrog Song He-kyo? Isn't it a mother-son relationship?
Let's stop calling them zombiesㅡHonestly, it seems like something you can just say since your daughter is trendingㅜWhy are you being like that...just...let's bless her for a healthy birth~
Oh, what a whale... I was with you, but now I have to be with you!
Haha, this drama is so boring. What is the quality of the zombies? Haha I will never watch it again.
You're calling me a cunning bastard.
The only social article I've seen recently. The ratio of female comments is high.
Everyone, please never watch this.. It’s a very uninteresting third-rate movie!!!
It seems like there has been a lot less effort these days...
Baek Jong-won's baby filter photos are so cute. Please upload a lot of them. It's funny no matter how you look at them~~~
It's not for the actor to apologize. I will always support you!!
I hope you commit suicide by hanging yourself today as an apology to the bereaved family ✔
Hobbit men under 180cm shouldn't get married. If you don't have money, you shouldn't date. What's wrong with your descendants who will suffer from receiving the Hobbit genes?
If a woman is 38 years old, she is almost like rotten meat.. Even if she has a lot of makeup on the outside, she still looks good.
That mother, that daughter, that husband
No... there's nothing to film about a house with one child unless it's a real trip. I hope the only children don’t come out. Nothing to see
It is written as Kim Jeong-hoon and reads as trash.
Unless it's someone you know just by hearing their name... why not post an obituary if possible? In the age of information overload...
Regardless of whether you look young or sleep, humans will lose anyway if they eat 80-90.
They turn women into complete trash.. If it were my baby, would you take responsibility? The person who read this feels dirty.
The writer seems to have zero sense of reality.. I'm shaking.. Reunion? With my ex-husband who massaged the body and mind of another woman during our marriage? Sooreum...
This person seems like he’s really serious~!
Boom boom here and boom boom there.....
It's a house full of happy viruses that make us laugh and feel good just by looking at Ha-eun's family~~ It's always nice to see and is as pretty as the lyrics of the song that says people are more beautiful than flowers♡♡♡Ha-eun's family fighting~~
Stop doing it hahahahahaha you are such a bitch, MeToo haha ​​anyways these bitches don't know how to do anything other than hitting on men.
Are you fucking getting married again? Haha it's a disaster Moon Jae-ang
I want to meet a girl who doesn't use Instagram
Suzy, stop harassing her ㅜ Suzy, there are many men. There is a man who loves and cherishes only one woman. Meet Jo-eun man.
Choi Jong-beom, a hidden camera bug, a dating violent offender, and Hannam, who put on a shield and used neutral gear, are now pretending not to be like that, it's disgusting. Dating violence, illegal filming hidden camera blackmailer, drunk driving sex offender Choi Jongbeom is acquitted, Hannam Minguk, female hate Minguk
Edm genius Park Myeong.soo
How long has it been since I broke up with Han Hye-jin, and then I started dating~~ㅋㅋㅋ
It's fun ^^ Ragaz in episode 1 was cool... The story is a bit unusual, but I'm enjoying it. Song Joong-ki and Kim Ji-won's acting are good, and I'm looking forward to the future.
The face looks really attractive
My appearance is below standard, but I don't want to see that face to see if I can improve my body by taking care of my body.
Every single BTS member gets a headshot.
A few years after becoming Miko, I saw him at a department store and I remember him being as tall as me, who is 163cm tall. I'm not tall enough to be Miko Jin, but she's pretty.
In the meantime, I have to use Instagram and look like a celebrity.
I think Son Seungyeon's skills are on the same level as Sohyang's.
Did you take your mom’s last name? What does your father do?
Looks like Kim Ji-young, born in 1982, can't come out lol.
I know how you feel. I also euthanized the dog I had for 11 years and sent it to heaven. After sending it away, I suffered from depression and had a hard time, but we were meant to be, so I brought in another dog and have been raising it for 4 years.
Why am I so upset that I can’t eat it? Just leave it alone.
How much do you hate a woman that you don’t even want to see her face?
Shownu is a victim.
Seeing that Heechul is dating Twice, I guess he's targeting Twice lol.
In the end, Lee Sae-gi is Han Yeo. It’s obvious that he’ll do something like Me Too later.
There is a magnet attached to the center.
Live happily. There are malicious comments everywhere. Don’t worry.
This drama is dull from the preview. I didn't watch it. I have a feeling that The Miracle We Met Kim Myung-min and Kim Hyun-joo will be a hit. It's so cool.
Jung Yonghwa is so cool!
I have to blame the Yangsebari Kang Line, but the Yu Line has gone nowhere.
Haha, I thought he was gay. Look at his clothes and makeup.
In a short period of time? Yoyo is coming
Pop..pop..pop..like I got hit~~~
Let's stop raising it, okay?
I thought she was good at greeting people and had a good personality, but now that she's popular, they're putting her in check like that. We really need to find out who's behind Han Seo-hee.
It doesn't matter whether you wear a bra or not, you guys, stop swearing ㅡㅡ
Do you follow female celebrities around when they go out drinking?
You're handsome and have a lot of friends, so why did you take drugs??
It was so obvious that I was acting that I felt pressured at every moment. Let’s try our best and don’t get lazy about our current success.
But this couple seems to be eating really well and living well with just one song... They seem to be living by luck rather than ability.
I remember seeing a glimpse of the news that there was something going on here with the agency YG.
You don’t have to watch it. Why are you talking so much? Why are you producing a program?
Why is Sojin here...?
It must have been a lot of hard work, but you finished it safely. There are a lot of bad things to say here, but there are also people quietly cheering for you. Rest well and see you again with a good performance. Fighting.
Women leave 80 percent hate comments, but men don’t curse at women.
Why isn't Kian on the show? Not a single mention is made. Without Kian, it's not fun. Simon D says without Gian, I'm alone and it's not fun.
Korean women cannot compete with Japanese women with their natural appearance without plastic surgery. Korean women use plastic surgery to make their eyes bigger and their faces smaller, but Japanese women originally have big eyes and small faces.
Taejioppa, I wish I could live a more comfortable life. My children will soon be of school age, but I am worried that they will go abroad again because of the inconvenience.
To be honest, it's burdensome to see a girl who graduated from Seoul National University and speaks English well, so I work hard and take a break to watch TV. I should look at kids like Jang Young-ran who are a bit more comfortable.
Do I even need to know that you guys are pregnant?
I don’t want to see Kim Seong-ju, so I don’t watch it.
Innocence doesn't suit you. Just confess and pretend to reflect.
I don't like Seo In-gu, but something keeps being fun ㅜ ㅜ There's no fuss, the pace is fast, there's no pressure, and I applaud the directors~
Does this gentleman have whole bones? Be more self-reflective. Human
I heard American soldiers are coming hahahaha
Yoon Jong-shin has also said bullshit in the past, so he must have been annoyed by the Eddy Kim incident. Yoo Hee-yeol also made a big mistake. There are probably a lot of guys who don't even know what's wrong because of the habit of watching men's porn.
The third child also has white blood, so he will be liked by racists, so if his parents let him become an angel, they will pay him a lot of money for his appearance.
Kian84 fighting, no matter what anyone says, you are the best
I'm obsessed with dramas these days, so I watch all the dramas I can find, but Hwayugi is the least interesting. I watch Mother Money Flower, Black Knight, My Golden Life, Return, and Hwayugi, but out of all of them, Hwayugi is the least interesting.
Sulli tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tt
IOK Jang Yoon-jeong fighting
The lip makeup is too much...
You have to behave like a child to your mother-in-law, and there is no need to behave like a child to your mother, right? I think you are still very young. I understand that you don't want your mother to get hurt again, but I don't say things carelessly.
As expected, today’s ending restaurant
When the late Kim Joo-hyuk passed away, the internet was all over the internet with Kim Joo-hyuk's article, so maybe it was EXO's doghouse that was in an uproar? lol
It would have been better if I had given birth to a daughter. Have a nice life with a beautiful son.
Anyway, if you look at the things that promote women's human rights, they further disparage the same women.
My wife is so pretty, I’m jealous
I think my father is an undercover cop.
Don't come out to the bar of your life. Why are you using a child who can't even speak?
Oh no. Jian, since when did my life become golden?
The moment in the photo is Hyuna.
Yunjin is good at acting.
I want to see you again. I miss you all, from my very pretty oldest daughter to my youngest daughter, who is the cutest in the world.
I have no interest in dating rumors. What kind of agency do you need to check? This is ridiculous. A trash driver who gives you something to chew on over the weekend. Disgusting trash,
Honestly, my personality came from my calves.
Cha Hwa-yeon and Lee Sang-woo's acting in Hwangjeong were the most worth seeing.
Among celebrities, they are the most admirable people. They are great beyond all respect.
Let’s not be pretentious. Honestly, if a man like Madat approaches you, are you confident in showing off his pants? It's really all down. The women who always criticize people when they say they like them seem really mean.
It's fun, fresh, good acting, and I'm very satisfied.
What about Namgoong Min ㅠㅠㅠ
I think I know the purpose of going to the jungle in Gangnam.
I'm good at it, but that's it. People like Seong Dong-il and Kim Hae-sook may have good facial expressions, but they have no soul and are uncomfortable to look at. I'd rather have idol actors... Anyone who watches a lot of movies would know...
May you rest in peace.
I saw a post somewhere a while ago and it said I was so happy that they bought me an Hermes bag ;;;
If you force a love that has already left, it will be a mess. And what right does the court have? Indeed, the Korean judiciary is backwards.
Now all you have to do is laugh~
The only guest who was funny was Seo-woo... Even Park Bo-young wasn't funny.
She's a really funny comedian~ It's a shame she seems to be in the shadows. Come out little by little. Stay strong^^
If this couple has a child, his aunt will be Kim Tae-hee...
It's a mess. Kim Jun-ho seems to be gambling at DNA, and Cha Tae-hyun is also disappointed. Abolish programs that only watch the stereotypes.
Why does a bikini look so absurd on a pregnant, divine body?
Today, Gian Toilet Robot saved my life haha.
There may be a lack of players, but I don't know if the initial intention is right. Isn't it trying to show the members improving? Wouldn't it be better to exclude Kim Seong-joo and Jeong Hyeong-don and elect them?
Hospital visit mania
Haha it’s really dirty haha
It's a bit unfair to call a woman a flower.
Han Chae-ah is pretty. She's pretty. Only kids get jealous.
Jang Mi-heeㅜPut the lady who works at home back to its original state... It's too unreasonable.! The eldest daughter will eventually marry the team leader... but that scoundrel's mother's behavior is too extreme.
I want to stub my toe.
Don't try to artificially change aging naturally, just accept it.
Why are you showing me pictures of red people? Reporter, you smell like red people.
What are the three major families of Oriental medicine and dentists?
Son Dam-bi was very rude to Jang Do-yeon... While watching Jang Do-yeon's episode, she spoke in a dismissive manner when talking about everything, so it was uncomfortable to watch... In the middle of the day, she started punching... It was very different from when she was dealing with Ryeo-won and Gong Hyo-jin.
It's so sad that this is reality.
Where do you see Lim Hyeon-joo being a fox? Can't you even express it in front of the guy you like?
40 is not too old these days. Cheer up and take care of yourself.
Please don't say anything about the age difference or appearance - Ham So-won, who is a woman, met and married a man 18 years younger than her, and Hong Hyun-hee, who is short and fat, is also living well with her husband. Haha. Don't make malicious comments about the age difference in appearance. Love has no age border.
Again, Hyunbin is also very handsome and good at acting~!!
It seems that Moon Jae-in becomes president and the country becomes communist. Do it in moderation.
I can see you doing a duet with MC Mong as a guest singer at the concert later..? I’m looking forward to it haha.
If you're jealous, you'll lose~~ You're really pretty~ㅋㅋ You're prettier than Jang Ye-won~~ LOL
Get rid of Gian. It's disgusting to watch. It's because of him that the viewer ratings are dropping.
Kim Ji-seok has a long face and is not shy ㅇㅇ
It doesn't make sense for a man and a woman who are nothing to go to the house and do it a second time, and it's not like the woman reported it herself, and it's very lame, but wasn't it made based on the emotional judgment of that gender? Where is the principle of presumption of innocence?
The man is dressed like a woman and looks like he's going to vomit. Just take it off.
It's so sad ㅠㅠ Ha.... Kim Won-hee, who wants to be with you until the end, how much it hurts. Cheer up, Gopdan!
Please continue with the national team for a long timeㅜㅜ
Hyeri I trust ♥♥♥
I made a lot of money. I'm a person who only worked for large companies.
Myeongsu-hyung, please release it on radio...ㅜㅜ
I was happy. It made me look back at myself again.
Yes, suicide ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
A statement was just posted on Instagram. I decided to believe it and wait. If it is incorrect and is not corrected, I will call to protest for the first time in my life.
Lim Se-ryeong is so lucky!! If I were a woman, I would live with Lee Jae-yong...
Cheating is necessary when you're young. If you can't forgive me for cheating, you can just divorce, and if it's still okay, you should just endure it and live with it. What should I do now?
I apply anesthetic cream... but I don't need sedation.
Eugene: If the sea reimburses you and we start again, the picture is good.
No, I don't want to see it like that, don't look at it. I have the freedom not to look. They go to Sulli's Instagram, read the article, look for the picture, and then curse at my eyes. I have the freedom not to look at it. What are you doing, Hannam?
I'm sick of this kind of new drama.
Wasn’t the vending machine funny? The drinks keep running out hahahaha.
Why is this important now?
Jeon Hyun-moo wins - I'm jealous - he says he should have worked hard
No, but the person who tunes in doesn't get proposed to or get married? LOL They can't do things because they don't have money LOL Oh my, my stomach hurts.
Supply and demand of masks is more important than Park Seong-gwang's wedding ceremony. They are expensive.
It's careless...;; My ex-girlfriend works in broadcasting with me...
Shin Soo-ji, a man's romantic dream... even you
I have to be nice to my mom.
No, my older sister is Kim Tae-hee and my brother-in-law is Rain.. Why do you know that you are marrying such a no-frills ball hitter??
I am also receiving dermatological Huerter treatment, and I am receiving sleep treatment. At first, I tried applying anesthetic cream and the pain was so severe that I used sleep treatment. If the scar is deep, the pain during the treatment is even worse, so I can't stand the numbing cream.
I was good at acting, which is not typical of an idol, but the management is such a mess that I ruined it. Poor guy.
Look at the Ilbe people criticizing Kim Mi-hwa... the more they do that, Kim Mi-hwa, fighting~
How uncomfortable will it be with my new boyfriend or husband?
Let's stop earning some money. Our juniors should also earn money. Let's use that money and live quietly while having fun.
When Lee Sang-yoon hugs me, it feels like a brother and sister comfort, not a romantic relationship.
He said he was expelled for something that was nothing special. He said everyone he met had plastic surgery. Don't petition for something like this. Don't you have anything to do?
Goo Hara's boyfriend said that he was a huge victim, Jiyeon-yen, and Ji-yeon, believing her face, took the initiative and seduced her.
Even if he were a second-generation celebrity, he would be very popular with women if he grew up and had bright, bright features.....
For a moment I thought it was Suzy
Change your position and say that your lowly face is unattractive because your husband is ugly, that you should drink alcohol, and that other women who have had plastic surgery are fine, and that other women manage the fishing grounds‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
It's already a dog fight, but honestly, this could have been a situation created by Goo Hara.
Do not manipulate search terms. There's an uproar right now because of the coronavirus, but this is a search term you've never heard of. Anyway, this government is a manipulative government.
Attorney Ko Seung-woo's attitude is as warm and mature as his appearance. It's awesome!!!
Hyena is awesome
You did it in bed, right?
Imagine that Seungri is your family.
The facial expression in the photo doesn't look sorry at all??
I'm serious about it
Seo In-young looks pale. IU seems to have been like that since she was a hero.
Why on earth are you guys making such a fuss? It's really stupid. Park Han-byul is not guilty, and he can't leave the drama in the middle of filming. Do you think Park Han-byeol would lie? Wow, there are a lot of sick people out there. If they're in that state, they'll hide and say things like they won't show their faces.
That person also has children. I wish they would stop it. The people who were harmed also revealed their real names and names, and it seems like they are openly sending the entire family to die.
Jeongjun's acting skills have improved a lot. Please film the drama well and your acting will be perfect. Kangdoo is a cucumber egg from the Nakdong River or not.
What kind of relationship does the Fair Trade Commission have between CEO Baek and the broadcasting company? Please reveal why the franchise owner is making the franchise owner swim in the dirt. Baek Coffee Shops will be popping up all over the country in an instant, and all existing coffee shops will go out of business. ㅠㅠ
I am sorry for not being able to help the victims' grandmothers... ㅜㅜI sincerely hope that the grandmothers will be comfortable for the rest of their lives.
It's long and pretty just like its mother♡♡♡
Looking at the comments, it's a bit like that. Killing someone? You're being treated on the same level as a murderer who killed with malicious intent.
The prettiest heart, Wonho oppa... The cutest rabbit, Wonho oppa, the kindest person, Wonho oppa, I love you, Lee Hoseok oppa, and Wonho oppa.
Wife, you look gentle and kind.
No, but why are people so rude no matter who Jung Yu-mi meets? Even if there is a problem with the man, if Jung Yu-mi wants to meet, they will meet.
Is it really necessary to post something like this on social media?? It's not even a show
The look in your eyes is creepy... Am I the only one who doesn't feel it... Of course, if you talk to someone, you can look at them, right...?
Isn't she a true angel? It's different for each person, but the sexual aspect is very important in a marital relationship, but just with one heart... I think women these days need to learn a little, not in that aspect, but in the overall personality aspect.
This person's family life is a bit difficult, so he probably appeared in a human theater, right? Then, I couldn't become a celebrity and I might have lived better if I hadn't become a celebrity.
Women, reflect on yourself, you pigs over 60
I had high expectations because DNA was good, but I was really disappointed with Fake Love.. Regardless of the position of those who say it is a BTS fan, if a new group sings the same song, can it really be said to be good?? The music video is cringy...
Does Kang Soo-ji’s clothes look white? Reporter.
I don't think it's good to see an ordinary person pretending to be a celebrity... If you say you don't want to be a celebrity and run out, then it's right to leave the entertainment show. Are you being treated like a former celebrity? Take your son out quickly.
Most people have no interest in Yang Jun-il. Now that they keep bringing it up, I feel rejected.
I'm having fun watching it
Please eradicate dating violence among Hannam. In particular, give the death penalty to Hannam who kills his lover's wife. And please disclose the identity of domestic violence offenders.
These days, it's not a world where something like that can be broadcast without prior casting, and I think it's a situation that was created because of the image of a goofball rather than being ripped off.
This kind of dad buff kills the morale of other aspiring celebrities;; If you can't see the acting once, you won't be able to gamble and you'll just get criticized.
Please don't come out. It's uncomfortable to see.
It would be nice if Tak Jae-hoon came out.
My son got 100 points in dictation today. Please write an article~~
I'm not interested in articles like this.
Am I the only one who doesn't know? I didn't know who Cha Eun-woo was or what he did as a celebrity. I just watched it for the first time and couldn't understand why an idol would appear in an alley restaurant.
Haha, I was brainwashed on a car tour and became a Christian hahaha.
I trust you, Wonho!!!!!!! I always believe!!!!!!! Let's be together forever!!! i love you
cool! Please take good care of your facial fat so it doesn’t fall out~~
congratulation! You’re so pretty when you smile~~
If it were me, I would tear my mouth open!
No matter how happy the two seem, perhaps because they don't have a child, they feel empty somehow...? No matter how shitty the world is, it would be better if I had a child who looked exactly like me!
Ordinary people should never follow celebrities' weight loss practices. It is possible only if you invest money.
The timing is strange.
Why are the comments so shaky haha ​​There is nothing wrong with what Dokki said haha ​​Is there a legal problem or did he go under water haha?
I used to be a reporter, but I guess I have a bit of a knack for men, and I ended up settling down.
Every single scene is good. Yubaek...how can I wait until next week?
No matter how good the acting is, you can feel it to some extent by looking at those eyes. I vote for them dating~~ There were a lot of kissing scenes, but it seems like emotions that weren't there before will arise, and they look good together~
They only gathered the kids who really can't act. They say they're temporarily canceling the drama because the Monday-Tuesday dramas have terrible ratings. I don't know why idols who can't act keep coming back and forth. It's a burden to look at their faces with double hands, and the acting is so creepy that the viewership rating is 2. %ji
Eating disorder caused by stress... I'm worried.
I guess I wasn't the only one who liked the emperor...ㅠㅠ
Are you making a sloppy ending and then making fun of it because it's an open ending?
I brew it for a long time while traveling.
Please come out with your baby. I'm in the middle^^
Why do you do this program?
What is a tattoo? lol
It's all too late, we already don't know who T-ara is
Does your wife taste like abalone?
What's the use of throwing away water without even donating?
You crazy idiot~~ Jung Joon-young, Seungri, trash, young people only learn from bad things, and it's a waste to curse.
I'm so jealous of that skin with the fluorescent lights on. It's not just white, it's bright and bright. If you go to a dermatologist, will they make it like that? Let me try it too~~
There are so many patriots in the corner of the room, I love it!
He's the guy who sucks at old guys in their 40s ^^
Han Hye-jin’s departure seems like the right answer. You shouldn’t broadcast with your personal feelings at the forefront.
I think it would be more helpful for Sean to join the military! Haha
Are you helping the less fortunate because it’s winter?? It's a lot of effort and hardship for someone who came from a different country with a different job... It's just that they got a good broadcast and won the lottery. They're pots that will go cold in a few days, so I think they'll hurt me twice... hahaha.
The drama is so fun and I'm really happy watching Hyun Bin. Hyun Bin is so good looking and has acting skills. Today's acting is also really crazy. Please give it a happy ending tomorrow.
Yoo Jae-seok, I'm a bit bored now~ Come out with a new face~
I am not relaxed
Tala also admits it. I saw people from Jeolla-do commenting here yesterday and asked why people from Jeolla-do do not support Moon Jae-in haha;; I don't know how people like that can tell people not to swear at Jeolla-do. Anyway, I support Park Myung-soo because he is consistent!!
In the military, there are so many eyewitness accounts of medics and other people that their image is really overshadowed... but there is no one as underrated as this guy.
A beautiful couple like no other in the world
Geini seki.....
But why is KBS doing the Del Luna special? Does KBS have no respect?? Like during Sky Castle, why do you guys keep putting straws in other broadcasting stations????
Even after the drama ends, it's great to see a friendship that is as loyal as the death penalty.
Song Hye-kyo's chemistry is so believable and stronger than expected. Yesterday was the introduction of the characters, and the real story will start from today. I'm looking forward to today as well.
It's possible because it's Park Gyu-ri.. It's not possible for femi. Even if you die and wake up...
But isn’t school violence #MeToo embarrassing? I was a hottie when I was in school. Didn't I go around spreading rumors around the neighborhood? They say that if Jjinta harbors a grudge, there will be frost even in May. It's a shame that Hyorin seems to have been caught in an unlucky situation.
Is this drama fun?
It's pitiful. Without condolences... they're all being punished. And they'll attack you like you're unhappy if you don't have children. Babies are a blessing to humanity and the meaning of life.
Isn't this just a game of commenting on other people's wedding articles with those boring Korean fabrics? I'm a person who is more capable and better off than you, so don't worry about your poor life lol.
With half Japanese? Do you have a lot of money? Is it big there? There is no end to women.
I saw Moon Hee-Jun in Echo T Riz and now that I look at him, I wonder how much he will turn out if he doesn't take care of himself.
Recruiting Kim Sae-ron seems like a big deal, but what about someone you haven't heard of? I wonder if it’s even a house~~~~ Saeron, come out, I’m falling apart~~
It's good to watch dramas as dramas...I'm already looking forward to next week..ㅜ
Why is Seo Hyun-jin appearing?
Ahn Hyun-mo says it's a waste, but he's 36. She doesn't deserve much.
Following Jeon Mi-seon on June 29th, voice actor Park Il on July 31st... How many entertainment industry news comes out this year?
Isn't it a speeding violation as long as you're not pregnant? Or is it that he committed a speeding violation but avoided enforcement? If you were careful and thought about your words
A figure skating legend who was compared to a current academy instructor who ranked 4th overall in the Olympics, his personal best career.
Ahn Hyo-seop is so unlikable ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
I fell asleep after doing a show. Jo Young-gu and Shin Jae-eun fell asleep after doing a show about private education while using money.
Religion is free~~~ Park Geun-hye was the problem. Congratulations~~~!!!
But why are Toilet Yoochun guys banging on an unrelated article about Lee Se-young? Haha, I'm an old throwaway who was abandoned by SM.
Then why are you kneeling? Why are you doing that when you're not even married?
Would you really wear a short skirt while pregnant? Gireginakshi ㅡㅡㅋ
Aside from everything else, the song wasn't that good, but were the ladies good? lol
More than that, wouldn't it be shocking to a Westerner that that face is 40? lol
Wow, is this represented by ㅅㅋ who used to choreograph for that company? I was a bitch back then too haha. The CEO there committed suicide... I became the CEO of a company and taught him choreography?? Does this make sense?
Have you done something to the body of an actress, you butchers?
Let’s have the prosecution investigate and completely shake it off.
Korean women get angry at the sound of kimchi, but you are kimchi women to the core. Look at the comments you left here. Why do you curse and say that you are bad when you get pregnant? That itself is proof that you are a kimchi woman.
Anyone can see that he did it. hehe
They say if you look like your dad, you'll be a good husband.
Bulletproof’s image is suffering greatly. I cry too often. Don't become the broadcasting station's BTS. Now we have to compete with creativity.
It's as boring as ever
TVXQ has a lot of money;;
If you step on a sawed tree like that, the end part will all break.. I saw that you were putting a piece in, and you couldn't control the torque properly. It's a bit uncomfortable to look at because it's a setting that seems to be overly concerned with the fact that I tried a little to get the control when recruiting.
At this point, I think Ahn Jae-hyun is amazing for sticking around for 3 years.
Why is my dad out there hahahaha......
It would be interesting if the drama centered around Lee Jong-seok. The part where Lee Na-young appears is strangely uninteresting.
This episode was the least fun.
Kim Hae-sook's eyes are so evil and her face is so disgusting that it's so dark.
Yeah, I don’t listen to this radio anymore haha. Screw it.
What is the mentality of going to the article and posting malicious comments?
Why is this woman sneaking into this indulgence again? Did anyone single you out?
It suits you so well~^^
Minhyun and Rawon enjoyed it. It's really amazing that the two of them got vaccinated ㅜㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Yang Hyun-suk re-evaluation
I only have three sons to buy 70 pcs for a monthly rent of 10 million won.. After reading Tak’s story, I want to go and live there too.. if it’s realistic.
Wonhee Kim I'm lucky that I can't even eat the usual ancestral rites because I don't have children. This life is ruined haha.
Yang Se-hyung is a communist
Now we have to report and filter out things that are being spread like this. To reporters, their daily lives are just about making money and have no connection or interest. This is a trash article!!!
That's right - jyp is a great teacher. I hope you do your best wherever you are! Long live jyp
Please don't leave hateful comments on posts like this. How upset must you really be? If you're going to leave a bad comment, don't write. I don't understand how he became a doctor with such skills. Compensate him properly and apologize. Wow, I'd be really upset even if I got compensation. ㅠㅠ
It’s ok as long as you don’t have any left-wing sentiments
Since I can't act at all in Korea, I moved to China~ The only reason it's popular in China is because of dubbing in China.
Prostitution should be legalized
I also want to change my wife
Zico is also out of fashion, but...if it weren't for IU, I wouldn't have heard this song even in annuals.
JTBC is a leftist broadcast. Is this why women like Moon Jae-ang?
So, you're not wearing panties?... Wow... it's dirty...
However, if you release music while serving in the military, and if it contains your own songs, you will generate revenue from the music. Is it okay to engage in profit-making activities as a soldier? Curious...
How can you become a public servant after being over 30? It's really disgusting.
Miscasting of Ra Mi-ran.. If she had a similar visual to Kim Hyun-joo, she would have received less criticism.. The visuals of the two families are so polar opposites that the sense of incongruity was amplified.. If Kim Hyun-joo were to play Ra Mi-ran, Jeon Ji-hyun, Kim Tae-hee, and Song Hye-kyo would have played opposite her.. Or at least Son Ye-jin. Hey, honestly
The material itself is so childish that I don’t watch it.
I really hate non-married people and childless married people. Don’t worry about me.
Haha I’m 210km tall
He's really handsome, but he's not a popular actor.
Lee Yeon-hee is also a talented actress.
Yg shakkies, I don’t even want to see them, stop coming out now.
Jeon Hyun-moo is the winner. Even though his face is not good, his body is killer.
I'm tired of Yoo Jae-seok's line. It's a similar version of I Live Alone and it doesn't look natural.
It's true that they need to be arrested now, but I have a strong feeling that the timing of the issue was solved by MB and Mr. Jeon's subordinates.
Haha, you're so pretty to begin with haha ​​Kungkungs, you've always been great and you've been great even after losing weight haha.
No, female celebrities keep their secrets very secret, but why do they make their photos public? I don't want to be disturbed, I just want to be told that I'm pretty.
But they really are like father and daughter..? It's just that they're her husband, but judging by her appearance...
A case of good fortune and good fortune with husband's money
Both he and Hwasa are commercialized. Don't promote gender conflict by pretending to be a woman for no reason. It's you guys behind me;;;; As the world goes by, I feel very at ease as a parent with a daughter. I'm not even a bar girl. What are those clothes?
Lee Sang-hwa...isn't this too urgent? I'm worried that you're so busy working out that you have eyes for men. It's not that Gangnam is strange... I'm just worried that this naive girl seems to be making too hasty decisions...
Did it turn~?? Lee Kyung-ah...ㅜㅜ
Hahahahaha I got my driver’s license like a dog hahaha.
If it's true, can I sue?
I'm a guy, but I really hate these guys because they look so low-quality. Just do it in moderation because they're dirty. What is Chang.11 girl? Dress up and dress like a woman. Are you so tight on money that you can take off your clothes? Can you give me some?
Daughter of a prostitute... ㅠㅠ It's pitiful...
Why does Han Go-eun keep appearing? She reminds me of Microdot.
Isn’t that domestic violence? If it's not cheating, what's the problem? I guess I was suspicious just by talking to the opposite sex;;
They are directors, writers, and idiots who put the Rising Sun flag in dramas.
Is he still pretending to be cool and cool? Well, who knows that the personality that makes him feel inferior to Lee Soo-kyung and is so hysterical and sarcastic on TV is real?
Just see the people you want to see. If you don't like it, just don't watch it. Don't make a fuss and just pass by quietly...
Hyori has a pretty layered cut.
We can see the ugly duality of women who are overcome by a sense of inferiority. ^^
What if you post the photo as Song Young-gil? Reporter Hong Yun-hwa is also a woman.
The worst drama I've ever seen. It's not even a sequel to Tyranno's Claw.
Let’s fix Chungjae. Show Chungjae, but don’t show Gian.
I get investigated because I can't even cum... Women like it if you cum clearly ^^
Should I lose 52 degrees?
You're out of luck, end your relationship with your mom.
In Korea, if you are happy, you are hated.
Haha, the hospital will usually issue a sticker for 3 weeks.
Damn, I'm sick... I don't believe in relationships that end after the program ends... I don't believe it anymore... haha.
I'm already curious...
everyone!!! Wasn't it funny to see Go Hyun-jung hitting a man in the bathtub with a shower head and spraying him with water today? I squirted a lot lol.
He's a really good actor.
Last time he came out wearing strange clothes, but this time he played with the food and fell asleep. Why is he like this?
What kind of celebrity is that? Just wear those clothes and go to a bar and sell alcohol.
Fuck you.. haha. I have 1 trillion won in assets, but I don't know if I have to pay 100 billion won, and then they trick me and come to me.
One of the reasons I like Kim Tae-hee is that she is very easy-going. Maybe it's because she has the younger brother's personality.
Park Han-byul didn't do anything wrong, so why are you criticizing her like this?
Lim Young-woong: Rejection from fanatical enthusiasts, the vocal range only hovers in the mid-low range... The vocalization is also babbling... Packaged as marketing. I don’t think it will run long ㅠㅠ
Those two are dating? It's crazy, the age difference is so big...
Really, everything is controversial... Ugh.
Manager Baek Seung-soo ㅠㅠ
It’s pretty~~~ Have a new start
The acting only makes my eyes widen.... Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable?
It's unrealistic, and if you're a man who watches TV and thinks he's a hot guy, he fucks his wife 10 times a night‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
No, you may not know, and Jun-hoe's personality is like that, but anyway, people who don't know say that it's Jun-hoe's fault. It's childish and I can't look at it. Really.
Hahaha before you insult men, look back at yourselves and your personality and write a comment. Oh, and a full-length mirror too.
What gives me goosebumps is that if I don't become a celebrity, I won't have to pay for it for the rest of my life. It gives me goosebumps.
Jung Jun-ho's stuff is the most fun ㅜㅡ When Jung Jun-ho's episode comes on, I change the channel and watch it. I'm bursting with joy just looking at this.
Hong Sang-soo and Kim Min-hee are not my favorite directors or actors, but I don't know about the relationship between men and women. I don't think it's something to be criticized like this.
It's free. It's okay for men to show their butts, but for women, it's okay not to show them, right? If it's too much, that's what thumpers say.
Kim Dong-myeong didn’t succeed because his skills weren’t enough.
It's so boring... Even after distorting history, it's barely this much... I liked Kim Eun-sook, but I admit it was a mess this time.
Excuses from fucking pigs
Why does this movie seem to have so many unplays? Has it ever been released?
They appear to be lovers instead of uncle and nephew? It was too much
But anyway, except for the male idols BTS, they are all at the level of fine dust, and except for the female idols Twice, they are at the level of ramen soup crumbs, so why bother starting a business? Why is there a need for someone like Psy..?
Did you do that?
It's just that Kang Eun-bi's behavior is off-putting. It's not like we can talk informally without thinking about the other person?? How embarrassing was it? I honestly don't even wonder who's lying, but I was so embarrassed after watching Kang Eunbi's video on YouTube.
Lee Sung-kyung, why are you so bad? The beauty is just a lie... Especially when the big eyes open like crazy... The women are also pretty and so cute.... Much better than Seo Hyun-jin's previous work..... Feminine bitches. Stop hitting on me... If you're jealous, you're the problem.
Nam Gyu-ri is so pretty
I think Jung Kyung-ho also wore leggings...
Erotic movie - Sister-in-law's temptation
I heard it's Chun Doo-hwan's daughter-in-law, Park Sang-ah.
Lee Young-ja only eats, so it's a pity why she goes to an unreasonable setting again.
If you want to give me relief, shut up. How hard can it be for you?
Hyun Bin is so cool haha
The moon type will definitely come back. Because there are people who can see the truth.
What's the problem? It's okay for a man to expose his chest, but it's a problem for a woman to expose her breasts???
Lin, that would be embarrassing. I came out to win 10 games in a row.
To be honest, what kind of man doesn’t go to the room lol?
What kind of funeral hall is a fashion show venue? What is Hong Jeong-wook's hanger chief?
Yuk Jung-wan is a two-faced, abominable human being. It's a shame because it gets a bit popular, isn't it? You've forgotten the time when you were poor in music. Do you think it will work out if it's just the two of you? The other three, cheer up. Yuk Jung-wan's band will fail.
Being investigated there means less exposure to the media.
Don’t be sick, Jangdimae ㅠㅠ!!!
President Baek Jong-won is a great person. Upgraded the taste and business of the alley commercial district.
Kim Hee-sun, you can’t act.
Please stay by Teacher Sunjae’s side so he doesn’t get lonely~~
The genes are different from those trashy losers.
This kind of husband is so generous, divorced due to infidelity, he talks like he's eating a meal. If he really gets divorced, he won't be able to live. Who will match his temper? Let's kill his temper and live.
I have no expectations at all for the JTBC drama. I've never seen it before. I wonder if TVN makes it
It's true that Yoon Seo-in is a girl who gets violent at times, but why are the kids here criticizing Jung Woo-sung??? Since she is a public relations ambassador for UN refugees, she did some publicity on social media... The funny thing about Yoon Seo-in is that she also speaks out loud.
Weren’t these two people a goblin and a goblin bride in their past life? Love like destiny.. I support you♡ It’s nice to see your confident appearance~^^
It's great that Jaik hyung appears.
I also like drugs, gambling, and prostitution, but not to this extent.
It's not good because it's ugly
BTS Jimin is cool
Don't ruin the image of idols by adding idols to them, and destroy them among yourselves. I don't watch it anymore because of MCs. Especially because of Kim Gura, Yoon Jong-shin, and Kim Gook-jin. I fell in love with Shin Jung-hwan when he defended him.
Your acting was superb. I’m looking forward to your next role.
Release everyone. What kind of restraint are these hot-blooded people playing with? Why are they making such a fuss? It's not like she's on drugs, and there's no one who doesn't do that after watching the video of the people commenting here.
Yesterday was so funny! Haha
Isn’t it a drinking fountain? Why are you lying there...?
Seungri, stay strong, fighting!
Pig spikes are not worth the cost haha.
400 million won would be the price of gum for Jang Yoon-jeong, but she is a heartless daughter.
I grew up really well. I have a good personality. I enjoyed my solo trip~
This guy followed me around for a while the other day... but he didn't date me.
This really is a trash article....Who would be interested in the story of an announcer who married into a chaebol family....;;;;
It's a waste of time for Somin. When acting, you need to get along well with your co-star.
If you drop a drop during a test and say it shows drugs, doesn't anyone get caught?
A drama about incompetent women who think their careers are cut short because of marriage.
The actors seem to be really annoyed, especially not by Lee Som's acting.
If only our IU could drive...ㅠㅠㅠㅠ...Yoona is also a fan...but she wouldn't be a complete idiot....
It is true that no matter what the child is, she is pretty whether she does or not.
I wish Jang Shin-young didn't show up. She looks strong. It looks like she's trying to control her husband. Wouldn't she have done better if she remarried with a child?
I've promoted diet pills by adding weight before, but it seems like they're intentionally adding and subtracting again and again.
I can feel the age difference... Baek Jong-won is so popular these days.
These two have such good emotional chemistry. Maybe they'll start dating after the drama ends..? Hahaha
Ah
All the actors are good, but I'm not old enough to be married to Oh Na-ra, right? I congratulate her since it's her first lead role, but I think it's a bit much.
As expected, JTBC should cover Son Hye-won?
It's not fun, I don't watch it
Cha Hwa-yeon's excessive over-the-top acting is embarrassing and I can't watch it.
Do you keep talking about that? Talking about Bangkok for two years on entertainment shows seems light. It's okay to say it without asking, but can't I just quietly accept that my best friend left me?
It seems like I received a lot of help from God...
Oh my gosh, Bang Yedam’s face... at least get him plastic surgery. With that face...
Even though we lost to Bangtan, we are doing well.
It's going to be a fun vacation for a while. I'm jealous, Manseok.
It seems like the higher-ups created a frame to bury Jang Ja-yeon. They are covering up Jang Ja-yeon's death by labeling Yoon Ji-oh's remarks as lies. When you point your finger at the moon, people only look at your finger and not the moon.
you're right. I hope you reflect on yourself and come out a different person.
Yes, from Rado
I guess I'm with Lee Byung-hun, the king of energy who can't control his energy!
Cheer up. I sent my cousin away two days ago and I can't get my mind together.
But only take issue with what is a crime... Why do you take issue with whether it is bed-crazy or lecherous?
Ku Hye-sun, please divorce her cleanly. Jae-hyun Ahn is already retired from the entertainment industry.
Of course it's sexual harassment! If even one woman feels sexually humiliated, it is sexual harassment. If it wasn't for the quick apology, I would feel guilty.
I hope you have a pretty daughter haha
Don't compare yourself to Jang Yoon-jung and Hyun Bin, who have become outdated~~~Song Ga-in is the best now.
You are the one who called for visa number 468, right?
Dalsu-hyung, come back..!
I love Ku Hye-sun and Ahn Jae-hyun so much... he's ugly at the top too
It's true that you're in a period of boredom. . It's like sucking on the sweet water and throwing it away. .There are a lot of women around. Very very dog ​​im. . The problem is that women like men like this.
What did I do when I went to Thailand? I wonder.
Bang bang ladies are mad
Hyuna's eyesight is quite low.
It definitely became a typical kimchi drama after episode 17.
These days, even historical dramas are boring dramas watched by ugly old maids.
Ugh... I can't digest lunch well.
Even now, tens of thousands of North Korean women are trafficked to China and live as sex slaves. Director, aren’t you interested in that? Is the purpose of women's human rights issues? Or is it half a day?
But even Gasna is a flower snake. 300 million haha. Are you kidding?
Honestly, Kian84 is better looking. But I like actor Park Jung-min. Why? The way he is just faithful to his job and quietly does everything on his own is quite attractive.
I have to go to the military first.
My skull has changed, but they say it’s because of the diet.
So milk is also sexual? Aren’t people who think strange things strange?
I don’t think this is right, but the period of self-reflection seems too short.
It's even more shocking that they haven't done it yet haha ​​Jung Yong-hwa, a gangster who pretends to be calm, Lee Jong-hyun, looks like he's going to come out, but Lee Hong-ki and Kim Hee-chul are healthy.
I told you the truth, but why are you making such an uproar?
It's true that Oh Dal-soo is unfair... don't go too far.
Kang Daniel is a bit...
A companion when things are fun and good? No, no matter what anyone says, it is your partner and spouse who are with you in difficult times. It's not that I support the numerous drunk driving and personnel accidents, but it throws me into a difficult situation. After all, no one can believe it, proving that it's nothing.
Be careful when you buy. I feel like I'm living in a car.
Jisung looks better
It's a bit disappointing that the female lead is a bit disappointing. If God Seol-hyun, who is the hottest star these days, was the female lead, the viewer rating would have been 50%.
It's been 12 weeks since I remarried, but I'm 32 weeks pregnant... anyway.
This would be unthinkable in Japan, where someone would meet someone on the street and have a meal.
It's funny haha
Why is their personality so messed up that I can’t praise them?
Sex offender midget
Seriously, why are you doing this?
Just have a relationship.
I think I would erase it too, you bad guy.
Of course, women like it best when they wear loose dress shirts. Haha Kim Ji-won is so pretty. Haha
You're a bit old because you beat the noodles a lot. And when you eat Shin Ramyun, you chew the noodles with your teeth. Do you have any molars? You chew like an old man who has lost all his teeth. It tastes really bad.
It reminds me of the Jun-mo couple from Perfect Strangers. Does it feel like your phone has been revealed to the entire nation?
"Being an announcer wasn't my goal lol. As soon as I got married to a chaebol, I retired right away. Haha. There was an interview... I asked if it was possible to get married even if you didn't have money. I said "Yes".
Yes, I understand. Male singer Dean.
Why at this point?
As expected, unmarried old maids in their 30s are making a fuss haha.
Is Choi Ji-woo’s husband a gangster? Why is everyone making fists?
I really need a mental evaluation...
The title is so funny haha. It's so hot that even top stars would cry. Are you kidding me? ~~~ Girls, stop pretending to be pretty and stop pretending to be famousㅡ Stay still and you'll stand out more.
Honestly, you would look pretty even if you filmed a bed scene right now.
They say comments on entertainment articles will soon be abolished, so it won't be long until I see the lady's comments.
Today I chose you.
It was a lot less fun than I thought. I won't see you again next week.
It's almost bizarre during filming. From now on, do a mental evaluation before casting~
I thought it was y2k teacher Go Jae-geun^^
Honestly, if something like that is posted among men. It's a bit like cursing. I think it will stay still. I don’t think Roy Kim is like the guys above. He seemed like a good guy who immediately donated the entire 500 million winnings from Superstar K. You'll have to wait and see, but really. There seem to be a lot of unfair people.
I miss the talented dance groups of the past... Noise RF ㄷㄷ Since when did young idol girl group singers suddenly appear and popular music was ruined?
I guess she’s pretty because she’s a child.
Yen what else?!
Rami... he wasn't that good at acting, but he just got a bit popular for his strong personality, and he ended up being cast as the third person in the ranking... Isn't this a comedy that ruins the drama?
Cha Eun-hyuk is a really bad guy, but during the wedding, he kissed another woman who had a husband, and Chae-rin just went to Moon Jae-sang. What's with the driver living in the basement? It's low level.
Lee Chang-hoon, Lee Byung-hun, Yoo Ah-in, Rain, Hyun Bin...among them, Song Joong-ki's marriage is really serious. Honestly, I wish she would divorce Song Joong-ki.
Still, it seems like he lived a good life because he worked hard to keep his private life clean and made money.
It may be a personal preference, but I watched it with high expectations, but it wasn't fun.
Newsroom Kim Nam-joo does it once... he looks like a real announcer...
Since I'm a substitute violist, I keep drinking and driving.. and even asking for 20,000 won for driving right in front of me...
It's good for him. Even if he's in the military, he'll make a few billion more in two years because he's a building owner.
There must be circumstances.
Park Jin-young, just once. He seems like a very upright person who has lived without any incidents. The ballad song is also really good, so why isn't it being released?
I knew it would be like this. Before the drama started, they talked about the military so much, but when it ended, there were only positive reviews. Normally, only men who go to the military make fools. How is this any different from dogs and pigs?
If you look at things like this, the real answer is the Corruption Investigation Office. How can people who should be judged put up a shield and look after them? Judgment should be based on the law, and they see them as being close to them, so what then?
Who are you? Who are you?
He's acting really cool haha. It's hard to have a baby now anyway, but it's like he didn't have anything until now hahaha.
Oh, what should I do? They made a fool of themselves by posting an article saying that he was not Deputy Director Lee Seung-hoon.
It may have been done to make the legs look longer, but the sides and back were cut too much. It's embarrassing because it would have looked cool if done in moderation.
Gopdan must have been very happy, because your mom is a pretty and warm person like Wonhee. I hope you and Gopdan will have a wonderful time until the end. Cheer up, Gopdan♡
At the end of Tyranno, while fighting on top of the Empire State Building, he dies in a fighter plane attack. The cruelty of it made me cry.
As a writer, you must have made it so believable~ To use your natural talent for something like that.. Tsk~
It's too harsh to expel someone for something they don't know yet. They won't listen to both sides and bury another person like this.
Yang Se-hyung is a comedian, so what's wrong with being a weirdo or a fool? A title like that makes you worse than a sad comedian.
It hurts so much that I wonder how unfair it must have been to get ripped off of 140 billion won~~~~ㅋㅋㅋ
If possible, it is better not to make any enemies.
Even if you don't reflect on it, you can just live in prison for the rest of your life, it's so disgusting.
I liked Superman's narration, but it's a shame it suddenly changed.
I don't watch it. I'm not interested. Just end this one night and two days. You need to know when people quit, too.
Goo Ha-seon will kill you just to see you speaking informally to your heavenly husband. Is your husband your servant?
Women are the problem, they stink.
I’m a fan, so stay strong ㅠㅠ I’m rooting for you... I look forward to seeing you self-reflect a little and be active again.
Well done dayaya! Doran has to suffer a lot... he's stupid, frustrated, and can't act.
There seem to be a lot of ex-wives... Looking at the comments... Think about it... Did you do a good job as your ex-wife? Why did the affair not end in infidelity but lead to divorce and marriage?
Song Chang's Lee Yoo-ri, you really mean bitches, kissing and making out at a wedding? Have fun with each other. Cha Eun-hyuk is the kidnapper's son, and Min Chae-rin is a dead child at the orphanage.
All three family members are pretty.
There is no need to be distressed by the expressions of unhappy people who are unable to make their own choices and take responsibility because of what others think. Eros is definitely art and a natural human instinct. There are countries that specialize in it, but ours is average. Be proud!
I prefer Ha Hyun-woo over Sohyang, and Son Seung-yeon over Ha Hyun-woo.
Now, take care of franchise management... The Hong Kong restaurant is really young~~~~
What's the problem?
The reason you gain weight is because you eat and don't exercise.
The shadow of 30 is already looming... ㅠㅠ Isn't there at least one kid like that among your friends?
Even though you haven't done anything wrong, cursing and hurting people... it all comes back to you. Use your mambo wisely.
It's also fun to watch celebrities' nieces and nephews^^ I like watching stars' families haha. It was a refreshing broadcast^^
She's such a natural beauty. How can her face look the same? Moreover, I know there is a child with that face, but they really took good care of it. Please be active!!!
Kian84 What are you doing?
Why are entertainment shows so boring these days? It's because the damn scholars are too harsh on their criticism. I miss the old broadcasts where pretty, young women come out and do sexy dances, celebrities and kids who got into trouble come out and talk about their experiences.
Can't a shaman mother predict that her daughter will get into a car accident?
Honestly, I wish it would fall out a bit.
I heard that all four of them, starting with Jennie, are preparing for solo careers!! Stop the malicious comments
A win is a win, but isn’t that the case in almost all nightclubs?
I felt that a cool woman would be someone like actress Kim Nam-jooㅠㅠ Please appear in front of the fans with fairer and more transparent acting in the future!!
Wow, you’re so kind haha
Capture of malicious comments completed
Are you playing with it? Is that it?
Even if it's acting, it's really a huge trauma from my husband's perspective.
What's the problem, two legs or three legs? Is it a bad thing to have experiences with multiple people? I don't know if it's wrong to lie and say I didn't, but I'm not married, so it's funny.
Let's do witch hunting in moderation.
Moon Jae-Ang is the problem. Why are you ordering a divorce to cover up? This is all because of Moon Jae-Ang. The violent demolition of the Our Republican Party's Gwanghwamun tent, the Samcheok spy ship, the exchange of military information with North Korea, and the destruction of the ROK-US alliance are the biggest.
Read the interview with the writer of Newlywed Diary. Then you will know how honest Ku Hye-sun is and Ahn Jae-hyun is a person who speaks carelessly.
Is this a special feature?
Haha, please have pity on me. I'm a refugee too, but you're putting too much pressure on me. Yoon Seo-in, please stop. You look pitiful.
If you put it that way... Acting is also a job, so let's not take responsibility for taking time off due to illness, reporter...
Is it Girls’ Generation? It has more presence and looks better now than when it was there! Actress Choi Soo-young, fighting!
Don’t we have moral responsibilities as a family? Should we boycott MBC for insisting on broadcasting the drama featuring the suspect's wife, who disappointed the entire nation?
Hey you idiot, why don’t you write the title correctly??
They look like a lily and are plagued by diseases.
Looking at the comments here, there are a lot of ugly people. Seeing other people living happily makes my stomach hurt;; Congratulations to Seong-eun. Please show me pretty baby pictures often! May you have a happy family^^
Who is cheering for you?? Is there a wave of support?
From the Japanese perspective, it seems like they have abandoned their country.
In fact, Yang Dong-geun himself is not even at the level of an idol... but he seems to have won because of the image he has built so far and the offensive performance on stage... Seriously, how can he beat someone who is good at singing?
Is this level of sexual harassment?
It was so much fun. Fighting Kang Moon-young, fighting Kim Gwang-gyu, Choi Seong-guk and Shinao Dima.
Next episode is Flower Road Walk
The name itself just gives off the image of looking fat..
I said the right thing, but I'm getting hit hard because I'm speaking in Japan.
It's a really fun show with not all female performers. I hope it lasts a long time~
I wonder if my head feels empty.. .
Looks better on her than Han Ye-seul
Honestly, where is the drama that isn't the best? I'm whining because I enjoyed it and didn't watch it.
I'm embarrassed in the comment section. There are so many different opinions. I wonder what's real.
You act so cute and cute, the back of my neck tingles the whole time I look at it haha
Let's do our best, Kim Sook. She's the only comedian I've liked since her debut. I pray that she rest in peace.
It's nice to see them dating for a long time. I hope it shows that even idol couples can go on for a long time.
Shin Min-ah’s real name is Yang Min-ah, right?
Because this is a blood cancer, the recurrence rate is high even if the right anticancer drug is found, and since it is malignant, the survival rate is slim.
Why do I feel so bad after losing weight?
I thought FM parades were only done by KBS announcers...
Reveal to the public how much he has earned by selling children's emotions, and have the prosecution conduct a special investigation to see if there are any problems! As well as his wife, Yang Jeong-won.
sidebari and home
It's similar, but it's so fun that I'm not even interested in it lol Come on Saturday!!
Daniel Choi's face without glasses is more attractive. Overall, it’s a very heartwarming visual haha.
After Im Seong-han retired, Kim Sun-ok became the top of the pack... Moon Eun-ah is threatening to succeed her, but there is no one who can match Kim Sun-ok in terms of fun.
The sun doesn't even know you guys are there lol.
Yoo Jae-seok, Park Myeong-soo, Kang Ho-dong, Seo Jang-hoon, Lee Soo-geun, and Eun Ji-won should do Martial Arts 2 together. It's the best combination
It's so attractive
Cheap rope
But honestly, there are probably a lot of women who want to get Kim Jeong-hoon’s genius genes.
May the souls of the deceased refrain. He was a good person.
He was, of course, the best announcer than anyone who stuck to the government, pushed back on his colleagues, and talked nonsense about committing suicide alone, and then joined the Self-Daughter Party and talked nonsense about being disadvantaged when the government changed and things returned to normal. go for it!
Woman shaking her head
Even if you diet, you can't do anything about your head size....
Haha, you can just film Han Yeon-saeng without Wisple, what kind of bullshit is that? haha.
I've been enjoying it a lot lately, and it was nice to be able to watch it on Hawaii TV with a beautiful view.
Nam Tae-hyun has a rude personality, doesn't know how to respect adults, plays with women, and has almost everything that YG likes.
April Lee Na-eun A-Teen Kim Hana look pretty
I wonder if they even say where the photo is taken... What does it matter where the photo is taken?? There isn't a separate grand prize or excellence award... they really live a hard life in this world...
Jeon Hyun-moo-ha knows because he’s acting like a fool.
Honestly, there is a possibility that it is Shincheonji haha.
The two of them just live quietly. I'm curious.
Please abolish it. It's hard to keep up with the old guys.
Korean people make a fuss about marijuana. It’s an underdeveloped country.
But P-Teen didn't have any visuals. Even if they wanted to push him to Ace, there was no way.. They were all average. In that sense, IZ*ONE will become a textbook for successful server idols.
In this situation?? It’s a boycott!!
Wouldn’t it be pretty in person???
Suit hahahahaha Jung Jun-ho’s answer hahahaha
A person you don't want to see. Top secret crush
Suzy looks half as good as Seolhyun. Testimonial...
The man was really ugly.
It's a day when I'm craving clam stew.
I can't do it on my own. Are you selling your mom again? Is your dad also selling tea??
I came in thinking it was Hyejin Han just by looking at the titleㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I boycott “I Live Alone” but I miss Hyejin.
That guy is a bad guy, but he also doesn't have a normal mind. I was surprised by the unsexy nipples. If he had said breasts, he would have looked more intelligent... Now, thank me, it doesn't feel like anything other than indulgence.
Ha Seung-jin, marrying a woman with a face like that?
The cut is like a knife. Women are so quick to cut off their hands. Men tend not to sleep well, but women tend to sleep hard. Shu also hasn't gotten divorced yet.
Ock Joo-hyun, the top musical artist
You’re so annoying, Hyejin!!!! Since when did you start calling me that, Hyejin? I won’t be watching any adultery dramas starting next week.
You can go~~~If you couldn't go, you wouldn't be able to leave the country~~You're worried about everything.
People who pretended to be cool and said, ‘I don’t care about other people’s business.’ They are writing malicious comments to Gangnam haha. These guys are like that.
ㅋ Jeon Hyun-moo took action.... ㅋ You will be sorry.
Political circles, why are you trying to cover up such an absurd article starting Monday? Please publish an article that can be understood. I've been laughing since morning haha.
It's nice, I got to have a wedding ceremony while I was serving in the military.
Honestly, if I put on some celebrity makeup and some clothes, I think E'Dawn would be at least as comfortable.
Why are you wearing a hat in this hot weather? The babies are cute. As I get older, I raised all my children, and all the babies are like angels. The foreign baby in Shudol is so pretty, Lee Young-ae's daughter among the twins is very pretty, and Jeong Sia's daughter is also pretty,,,,,
Uh~~~~~Uh. Waddle. While shaking the earth. I'm throwing up.
There isn't much of an age difference. They are both in their 40s haha.
Hey~~~No, what on earth happened in the secret room of the public security office? I'm doing something I've never done overnight+ㅁ+ It could be used as a movie subject in the future ~'Secret public security room scandal'
The fetus is either cold or hot. Let’s cover it up. I’m worried about the celebration.
Why is this really happening??? I'm throwing up
It looks like the viewer ratings are dropping again. I saw Woo Hyo-kwang taking out the card.
Honestly, if you look at Solji's singing, it looks like Ha Hyun-woo will break the record.
Ahn Hee, you sack of dwarf shit, aren’t you parodying MeToo? Pull out all your mustaches.
If you acknowledge your differences from other people, you will do it. People who judge you for being wrong because they are old and you are wrong. The younger generation who criticizes the older generation for being old and wrong. They say you are wrong because you do something you are not good at.
It was very painful even for me to shrink. After that, I didn't even look at laser treatment.
Kim Gura’s re-evaluation theory
Seasonal ~~~~~~~~~~
I've been wondering what it was like since I had plastic surgery... but I guess I secretly have low self-esteem. She is the queen of ice skating who has conquered the world for the past 10 years, so even if you criticize her appearance, she would agree a million times, but she got plastic surgery and her boyfriend is Gangnam.
Parents who gave birth to sons and then daughters have no choice but to become fools~~^^;
Part-timers, are you going to leave such hateful comments even if I remove your real name from the comments?
I don't watch shows featuring Jang Dong-min. He crosses the line often and it's not even funny.
I don't think Jang Tae-jun killed him, but he will be released in Season 2. But how can we wait until November?
This format.. is so boring. No differentiation at all.
Jolie: Our son won't be discriminated against because we're from the same Asia, right? 2020 Songdo: Hey Kambo, you eat there!
Haha, 2018 is also fun~~ In the end, we end up in the mud~ haha
If you look at it in person, it looks like ice.
Someone please do something to Xiah Junsu’s hair.
Oh, trust me, Joom, are you crazy because you couldn't send a very normal person to Hwangcheon-gil?? I completely believe in nonsensical trashy novels. I believe whatever I want to believe. Look at the world in a realistic way. Reality is not a surprise.
There's always news of celebrity suicides. Is it even a drama about suicide? Shouldn't this kind of thing be refrained from broadcasting? Writers and producers need to come to their senses first. I've never watched this program before. lol
Ever since Hwasa came out, I thought that I Live Alone would soon end up like Infinite Challenge haha ​​Hyun Moo-hyung and Han Hye-jin did well..
How long should I watch Lee Soo-geun?
Still, he's handsome, so if he rests for a bit, everyone will understand... Korea is a country that is obsessed with looks, so I'm glad... The concert commemorating his return was a huge success! For use in the ship
Imitating Michael Jackson... It was a bit weird and cringy.
Hey, baby, what do you know? Just say it and come to me.
There’s no need for it, Kim Ji-won is really pretty.
Moon Jae-ang, what on earth is this guy trying to cover up?
He's really ugly.. No matter how good he looks or how much money he has, I don't think he can live with that face. I have a good stomach too.
Go Hyun-jung (Special) Misil hasn't been able to do anything properly since...
If this were to happen, not only the male celebrities but all the men would have been arrested. Oh, I was just staying at home. I was so scared that I couldn't go back.
S&S is also a media outlet, so what's the problem with influential and hot people appearing on TV? She's pretty, cute, and talented in everything from food to fashion, but for no reason does her husband say she's rich or why she lies in front of the TV and criticizes her~ Chamnawonnae
Well, life is easy.
To be honest, I buried Jongna.
Time travel is also a possibility, but my mother-in-law really bothers me. Like The Usual Suspects, I can't stand up and walk, but I'm an old man with dementia. How are you going to tell the story?
If you trot, you are guaranteed a huge success! There has never been a voice as sorrowful as this. Highly recommended! Sing trot~ please
This is from the anti-middle-of-the-road committee. Shin Se-kyung, please stay healthy always.
A senseless victim drives a perpetrator to death. Another person has ended his life in a field where the leftist government is gaining ground. It is pathetic that the country is going astray. People called victims are stepping up as perpetrators again. Did they really make people do that? Please come to your senses.
What happened to the first daughter's genes.....
The older you get, the better you should live. Look at the old face, the greed, and the unsightly appearance. Compared to other TVXQ members, does that look like TVXQ? Really, money is money, but you have to live a good life to age gracefully.
It's sad that speeding seems to be a no-brainer... It's good news, but if you listen to the parents' inner thoughts, they say it's despair...
Wow..Today, even though they conducted a government inspection using a private inspection, they exploded right away...
I want to date too
It's so bad... Baek Jong-won, please attain Buddhahood.
If I were Choi Ji-woo's husband... I could do it seven times on the first night~*
I heard HOT fans were so polarizing that they killed people.
John Arts High School is not pretty;;;
Am I the only one who finds it uncomfortable?
Ah~~ Oh my~^^
How can your face get so numb?
Let's be honest. It was good when her husband lived with the money he had fraudulently made, but she divorced because she was worried that she would get caught and end up in debt.
Fighting Dok2 hyung!
Moon Jae-ang, the government that is infatuated with his love for North Korea is ruining the fortunes of another family.
Whether it's a cavity or a cavity, ordinary people are definitely ordinary people. Even though they look good, they don't have the celebrity pose. Why are they on TV?
The woman wants to show her face... Wow, I guess she's not confident in her face or there's something about her face that shouldn't be known...
You should go to the military and not live like Yoo Ah-in.
Are you a shaman because you don’t have anyone to date lol?
You may be upset because you always leave comments about short hair on articles, but short hair really suits you. The difference compared to when I had long hair is so big haha.
If you fake a divorce and steal money and keep quiet, you will live off that money. Think of the blood and tears of the victims
I believe in the drama that Soojong Choi appears in, but I don’t watch it.
Moon Gabi, I didn't commit any crime, but the comments are at the level of bullshit.
I wanted to watch it uninvited because of the World Cup, but why isn't Park Sun-young appearing? Are you opening a restaurant on Hoi An Beach in Vietnam? Ah, I want to hear Seonyoung’s innocent and cheerful laughter! These days, it's like being on a hot tin roof. You must be doing well.
It makes no sense to compare the current EXO with the current BTS. EXO is the only Korean singer who has had million sales since their first album and is still maintaining it to this day, and BTS suddenly rose to the top of the Billboard (suddenly?!) I don't know, but it rose rapidly overseas.
I want to see the video,,
I don't have anything to do, so I do that... I can't do that when I'm busy.
do not trust that girl
Sayuri is marrying a Korean person. Congratulations!
JYP's cafeteria is really the best among all companies.
Ji-dam Ji is cheering for you. Is it because you become a star that you don't get contacted? I've been saying for a long time that I should be nice to Jo Kang-ji's wife. it's a shame . Of course, I don’t know if Yukjidam is the location of Jogangji.
I love you Jimin~♡
I like Jang Mi-hee and Yoo Dong-geun's voice because it feels like I'm watching an old movie.
The level of Kimchi men is serious, bro~~ Do you feel sorry for Jung Joon-young? Do you feel bad? Then you don't have to commit a sexual crime in the first place ^ ^
How will this pitiful young man live the rest of his life? He must have more days to live than he has lived....
It's pretty, it's pretty
Just trash... To you, women are just sex toys, right?
It looks disgusting. Let's take pictures with clothes on. We have to think about the viewer. I think even Jang Yoon-jung would be shocked to see it.
The malicious comment culture was created by the leftists and started with the Daum Agora malicious comment culture.
A lot has changed. Wrinkles ㅠ Because I raised children.
But I don't really trust it because it came from SBS, an Ilbe broadcasting station that is in line with the manipulative and misinformation broadcasting station Jo Jung-dong.
Well, what kind of advice is this? Have you ever been beaten! Commit suicide! Kill me! Become independent! I said it right.
Is Jung Jun-young’s KakaoTalk from 4 years ago such a big deal? Haha, it’s really dirty.. Anyone can see that it’s a joke.
Whether this is breast milk or something haha, is Lee Si-young talking first, suggesting it, and then giving it to her, the same as a man suddenly asking for breast milk for no reason? It's the same even if it's money, you idiots. Are you having a hard time with your interpersonal relationships? LOL
Just sing a song ㅠㅠ
Let’s not tolerate Namsong.
I have to risk my life to save my country and people. I hope to get a girlfriend like this in my next life.
Why did you come out now? I was so uncomfortable the whole time I was watching it, waiting to see when it would end. As rumored, the typical appearance of a show window couple makes people doubt the producer's abilities... I hope they leave early!
narrow-minded commenters, please be more careful. Years have passed and it seems like you've been through some worries, so cheering you on is also the attitude of a fan.
Borrow Kim Dae-jung's most evil act and pay it back to the people.
Oh my..you came out unlikable. Was it nice to have a love line with Kim Ji-min and flirt with another girl behind her back lol?
Stop worrying about Tang Wei. Doesn’t the story about Tang Wei always come up?
I feel like I've never heard of it, but I got a part-time job at my agency.
I thought Shin Dong-mi was good at acting before, and I really liked her appealing acting in Mr. Poongsang. After appearing in Dongsang, Different Dreams, I thought she was a more likable and good person, and I like her husband too~ I will support her to act even better ~**
Do some acting practice. Are you acting crazy because you meet men all the time? Go and learn from IU.
All female idols: Who is that aunt?
I was gradually losing interest from people, but this is how I revived the dying embers haha.
It goes as expected.... The youngest is the least beautiful... But she's still cute.
But Seongju Kim always emphasizes that it’s a baby’s taste buds, but she’s an expert in cheonggukjang??? I don’t think there is any mapping between a baby’s taste buds and Cheonggukjang??
I haven't heard of this, but the article is great.
I don't know who you are, but you're so fucking flirty~ It's amazing that you made an idol with that face. Goodbye to active duty. I tried to suck it up, but I failed.
A dog passing by would laugh haha. What a victory. It seems like a great life.
I think people in their early 20s would also like Oh Na-ra.
I'm catching someone with unclear information ㅠㅠ
I also really like Shin Dong-mi~ My boyfriend also really likes Shin Dong-mi~ She always looks so bright~ Fighting~ Stay healthy~
A woman is just a face... No matter how much money she has, she will never develop emotions. A man will never give up on a woman's face.
They're coming here again to post coordinates and leave hateful comments.
Even if you don't have any thoughts, there are too many. It's not like putting an ordinary person in the singer's seat... Instead of making lame excuses, you should admit the truth, apologize, and feel ashamed.
How about fines?
If you go to a paid fishing spot in Thailand, you can just catch that much... When I went there in the past, I got tired of catching up on everything so I stopped. This February in Chiang Mai...
I absolutely hate Narae Chung. Look at the gender ratio in the comments haha. It’s heavy. It’s heavy.
It's good that I won't see those ugly corrupt brothers.
Lee Myung-bak's prison escape and the Bang family corruption scandal
All female idols are Iljin gangsters and pots of vinegar.
These days, just saying Mr. Moon makes me irritated. It's a disaster
It suits you well. You two are a bit horsey.
It's a one-stop business, so I need to make a lot of money.
I'm not interested. I'm interested in when Mr. Moon will no longer have a job.
Only women hate it, all men like it
Break up with Yoo In-na?
What about Jeong Da-bin? Should I take his remains out of the cemetery?
What does it have to do with my life??!!?! Don’t come out, don’t come out!?!? Don’t post something like this!ㅣ!!ㅣInformation that doesn’t even seem like information.
The comments are really bad haha; It's a godsend that Park Han-byul has depression. Really, the girl I leaned on for 13 years went to a massage parlor and as soon as we broke up, she got a girlfriend and got married that she didn't want to do, so her life is blocked. What's going on?
The timing of my resignation was strange...
Well, since when was he active as a popular dating person? I'm not interested in him, so he should retire quickly like you said... It's annoying.
Baek Jong-won is from a family with money, so what? Ordinary people try to run a business and fail. It is impossible to revive. Since I had a lot of money at home, I tried various things and one of them exploded.
Si-eon, the new apartment owner, hope you become rich♡
What is it about Eungam-dong?? Haha, you don't have to keep it private, but if it doesn't get published, people won't know what you're doing.
Even if you see him every week, it's rare among celebrities to have a good-looking visual. He's really handsome.
I really don't want to hear celebrities talking about whether they are single or single.
I'm rooting for Ahn Jae-hyun... Mr. Goo has no manners when it comes to love. Do you feel relieved when you expose and destroy the person you once loved? Don't play with the media and resolve your marital relationship between the two of you.
I want to go to a women's prison...sniff sniff
No, why is this the main news??? Then isn’t it natural to react that way in that situation??? After all, it’s a news article.
Well, if a man runs a business, he can entertain guests... You don't know business.
Wow....I'm the singer of the week...I thought Girl of the Month was also picking something like this...Is the group name Girl of the Month?? lol
I had so much fun watching it!
But it's not a disappearance, it seems like my uncle went underwater after his business failed... There's a difference between disappearance and diving...
My eldest daughter, Siammy, is really cancerous! It's a shame because it's a drama! The type I really want to avoid!!!
He looks so much like G-Dragon haha
It's boring and not interesting so I won't watch it.
If you give birth to a lot, people criticize you for giving birth to a lot more... Anyway, really... the idiots in other people's lives...
You'll know when you come back. Will the name BoA still be popular, or will it just be a nostalgic thing with the past beautification buff?
Anyway, to all you feminists who are swearing at me, come to your senses, don't worry about your own life, and say something evil. Fighting~!
Yes, you only live once. It's unfair for a man to spend his whole life with one woman.
There are a lot of moms and dads who will pretend that raising four children is difficult. Did Lim Chang-jeong mean that the children grow up on their own, so the parents just watch from the sidelines?
Tony Anmo looks like a loser.
I don't think there's anything wrong with it... but if you don't try, you won't get out... there's no one to help you out.
IU believes and filters
I don't know the truth... I think physiognomy is important... but that face... ah, it looks mean...
I miss Hyesung Lee. She looks very young.
I don't think much of it when I just saw the photo in the article. Anyway, suck at Japan.
This kind of garbage entertainment shows are coming out non-stop...
When I look at Elijah, all I can think of is his tongue ㅠㅠㅠ
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha it's all really great
Stop it, from Lee Sang-yoon’s mouth, you’re crazy!!!!!!!
It looks a bit like Sulli cosplay.. I wonder if she wants to become a fan like Sulli.
The new webtoon Rejuvenation is not fun.. Cursing and hitting.. I finished watching only episode 2.
Erim... I've been watching her on TV since I was a baby, so I have a little affection for her... but try your best ㅡㅜ
IU has been a Sony audio model for 6 years and she has never cursed haha.
Who can believe you're 48 years old? You're so pretty, fighting.
I don't quite understand the setting where their feelings are desperate for each other after only one day of dating, but the acting was good. I wish the writer-director's directing skills were better. Seo Kang-jun and Lee Som's acting skills are great!!
Cheongju is a place called Jeolla-do in Chungcheong-do... Everyone knows it... Crime incidents are very frequent... Think of Jo Min-ki stepping on shit... Don't even go near Cheongju...
I've been rooting for Yewon since the beginning~ There are a lot of people rooting for Yewon, so good luck!! (The people who make malicious comments are a minority and they are wasters of their lives, so don’t worry about it)
Nam Joo-hyuk can’t continue, why are you calling the ugly Park Seo-joon?
How dare a woman swear??? Let’s get right, Korean men who say it’s normal are also very emotional about that gender.
Ah... my outlook in later life is so bad. Ugh..
I made Song Min-ho do the dishes alone. He's going to be very sick. P.O will need a lot of help. Song Min-ho is tall, so how much will his back hurt if he does the dishes? Producer Na Young-seok, if you're not going to use enough people, you should help with the dishes. Even ladies have a hard time washing the dishes in a restaurant alone.
It's a gamble, so why cover it up? They say they reflect on themselves and reflect on themselves, but that's true.
It's nice to see you on TV after a long time, but what you did to the Running Man members during your wedding was too much...
This could be a mystery. I think Shin Hae-cheol would have hated talking about being correct. A world where crazy things happen
No matter how cheap it may seem, let’s not be honest.
Wow, is he really a younger guy in the story? Jang Mi-hee’s husband is not older than her.
Resting will help, but on the other hand, Jung Seok-won will also have a big story that he can't talk about.
That could be true. What kind of controversy is this? Hongja's voice is better.
Gwachan! If you treat thyroid cancer early, you don’t have to worry much!! I hope you recover quickly and get back on stage!!!!
I fixed it further ㅡㅡ
I have to be the center in basketball today
Since the period of dating Oh Seung-hwan was short, I don't think anything happened. I think he just walked around holding hands. There was no way such a nice girl could have done something like that.
You stabbed me in the face
I understand other people's emotions, but Kim Hyun-joo's emotions are a bit unreasonable. So sweet potatoes.
Why is this the #1 real-time search term????? It's really funny, Naver bastards...
Congratulations~~~^^Live happily and get a full recovery from colon cancer soon!!!
Hannam, why do we have to empathize with criminals again and use comic books!!! It's like this. Ugh, domestic guys.
Junyoung, please invite me too, let’s play together, dude.
I'm so jealous of both of you
It's good that there are no Jeolla-do kids in Fin.K.L.
Chief Spy > The spy who helps adulterous men and women, Min Soo-ah and Moon Jae-sang, cheer up and fight
Seungyoon Lee, I wonder why they are featured so much... It's okay if he comes out once... He comes up too often.
A person like that is good at singing, so I grew up well.
I don't know if it's Yoon Se-ah's debut work, but I think she had a calm and haughty image with an expressionless face in the first drama I saw. It suited her so well at the time that I was impressed. It didn't match her other images.
If I didn't pay 34,700 out of 206,000 dollars, which is barely a down payment, there must be something going on, so I put it in neutral gear.
I need to make that sekki gojaㅡㅡ
Kimchi-yeon people are going crazy. But are bastards crazy about celebrities too?
The teeth that were removed are yellow and awkward, and as if they are usually good at hiding their teeth, they can't show their teeth and they have a big smile. An octopus forehead that looks like a highway! It's just that it's not coming out right now...
Is he handsome? He's just likeable...he also has a good body
Lee Seung-gi's hair... M-shaped hair loss?
I can see Choongjae’s face too~ I guess it’s just me.
Meanwhile, Jo Boa is so pretty...ㅠ
Maybe it's because I see it on screen too often...the acting tone feels consistent...
Choiza even went so far as to ask celebrities to come forward, and female celebrities who were acquaintances of him were criticized for not doing anything, and celebrities who paid tribute to him were criticized for telling him to stay still. This is a good thing. Beat the man. Don’t beat the woman.
It seems like the production company PD and fellow celebrities are already on the same team.
Even though it was a bit bad, it doesn't seem like it would be controversial to this extent. He was a rookie in the first place and it was just a live performance. Of course, it would have been better if he had done better without the echo, but it seems like he is criticizing me too much.
Moon Jae-Ang Bomb Wax Tona Oil Han Mop Oh My Gas Range Pigeon Group Gaejeong is Honey Quiet Monster EXO Red Carpet Hot Pink
I have a bad constitution and don't eat the right amount of food, so I'm in trouble.
After all, it’s a custom.
Abolition is the answer. I don’t want to cut Jeon Hyun-moo’s face.
I thought it would end soon, but it went on for this long. Is this a love with real mental connection? Anyway, it's rare to see it. And Kim Min-hee is pretty.
Seo Hyun-sook is sexy, but she put on too much makeup haha.
I'll make you semen soap... is sexual harassment...is breast milk soap something to laugh at?...semen soap is also good for atopic dermatitis and skin care
Are you proud of what you did? With ss, that too
These kids aren't Americans who don't go to the military, right?
I see Han Ji-min. Get some weight, Jisoo.
But Blue Dragon was sponsored by Chosun Ilbo, so I won't be watching it from next year.
Just build memories in a small space and stay in prison for a long time. Become dust, like the song lyrics say.
Stop it. People are going to die. Reporters, stop publishing articles. Will it stop only if one person dies? They will get punished and come out. The right to know has already been satisfied. I don’t even want to know any more.
It's an immortal song that catches everyone's attention when the vocals come on.
I'm trying to make a living by living with friends, but it's not something to be ashamed of.
Are you saying this because there are a lot of unmarried girls here? Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Announcer Jo Soo-ae's father is also a doctor who works at a hospital in Changwon... It's not like you guys got married for money, so please leave a reasonable comment. Even so, it's my own judgment and I just have different values ​​than you, so it's too much to make a fuss.
Who will touch the big breasts from now on~~~~ㅋ
She was a friendly and dependable actress, like the sister next door, but I'm sad. Now rest in a comfortable place ㅠㅠ
What you're doing is exactly like Sulli, and then you go to the goal and post a sketchbook?
Originally, Hyeon-hyeon couple was the one who squeezed in with Young-joo, and after looking away for a moment, he checked his sore finger from the last trip and came back to his original place. I wonder if he doesn't deserve it so much. If he lives with someone like Yeong-ju as his wife, he will be tired.
Sulli is cool.. pretty and confident.. How about no bra?.. Comfort is good, right?. These days, Sulli and Hyeri are the best.
What did you do to your chin?
This is the style that men just hate.
Mind your own business. When celebrities have time to worry about their personal lives, it's even more unfortunate that they don't have to worry about their own business.
But the second half of Kim Eun-sook's works always lags.
Everything is blasphemy
Really, just do it.
If Woo Hyo-gwang and Chu Ja-hyun came out, my wife would be happy^^
Here, kimchi old maids in their 30s and 40s are putting empathic comments and insulting comments as if they were pregnant. This is what Korean women are all about. Kimchi old women to the core.
The crime of adultery has been abolished, so legally there is no disqualification for Hong Sang-soo and Kim Min-hee dating... I think you should date someone you love once in life, and there is no need to live with your wife out of a sense of duty just because you have children... I understand Hong Sang-soo.
But isn’t that what happens during school days when you get into fights and get beaten up??? I too have fought, and I have been beaten, and I have been beaten, but I have not been able to beat myself up. But isn't this just a memory from my school days??
After all, sexual favors are a problem...
Wow, it was a lot prettier than I thought??? he
It is most outrageous that Korean women, who are the most unmotivated among oecd women and who are suckers and make excuses every day, bring up the wage issue in comparison to women from oecd developed countries, not even the world.
Yui's acting is improving day by day, which shows that she worked hard.. Especially the crying acting and the trembling voice acting.. I'm always surprised by how good her acting is compared to the amount of negative comments.
All those who have affairs must die, especially married women.
The second one is giving birth to a daughter, brother.
Why did you withdraw the complaint? Anyway, I don't want to see it.
Is AOA valued as a girl group? Haha these days, idols are considered old even if they are over 20 years old haha ​​Look at kids like IZ*ONE Jang Won-young, Ahn Yu-jin, ITZY Yuna, they are 17 years old so they are fucking awesome haha ​​For women, younger is always the best.
Wang Bit-na's eyes are so burdensome. It's similar to the drama that Nam Sang-mi appeared in. It's a Japanese drama stitched together.
Did you eat fish cake again?
Let's listen to both haha. At least I can't reply. haha
It's strange, really.. I didn't really want to eat it when I saw it, but I kept thinking about it for a few days ㅠㅠ In the end, I went to eat tripe, which I don't usually eat, and found myself making seaweed bugak at 10 o'clock at night like I was crazy... Hwasa is great~
It's the pole of Gagcon, but Anna, whose character is buried in Jang Do-yeon, I hope it pops.
I can't eat one meal a day, hehe. Han Sang-jin, you're good at acting.
My older brother is Cheon Myeong-hoon.
Nice looking couple hahaha I feel good looking at them~!!
There is no three-dimensional effect on the face;; I think I'm more handsome
Those X people, they don't have anything to do after eating... Is the army these days the army?... It's the army of the Tang Dynasty.. I'm so tired of it... haha.
Kim Soo-mi is the best✌✌ Watching it is healing. It's different from a typical cooking program. Her savory talk and friendly heart. She's like the hot and cool big sister next door. She's the best.✌✌✌
children of traitors
Are you bald? You're wearing a hat all the time. Do you think you'll sleep like this?
There are four kids around me who graduated from Korea University's Gifted Education Center, and they went to Inha University, Sangmyung University, Chung-Ang University, and Dongguk University. When I was young, being gifted didn't mean I went to a prestigious university.
I went on a trip and saw the three of you with Ha-eun. They played with your daughter so well and greeted you first. They were a beautiful family. I hope your family is happy^^
