
If you look at this, there's nothing wrong with what the old people said. You shouldn't have anything to do with those guys. They'll shame you someday, and that's when it's the perfect time.
Ugly women are said to be jealous of pretty women, so they post on social media where they went and what they ate, and then criticize others when they post. It's so bad. Don't live like that. Just sow.
Not everyone with big eyes is pretty. This person and Hong Soo-ah are scared of their eyes.
Yooyoung... there are a lot of men...
It is not a boast that a young man has no sexual desire. I'm 50 years old, and just looking at the woman's butt is like that...
The parents are criminals, but Madat is not a criminal, you crazy people.
Love and war become reality...
I haven’t even played today’s one yet~ It’s already unplayed!!! It's really amazing.....
Prosecution reform must be carried out
You're guilty of showing off your face. You're guilty of doing something like that with your boyfriend and then showing your face again and pretending to reflect on your sins, but you'll look like Jung Joon-young.
Wonjin survived ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
If you are kicked out, there will be no main vocalist ㅜ
Has the fish cake controversy been resolved? I thought it was abolished
If you give birth in China, your baby will live with pride on the continent. China is a large country and the center of the world. If you vote for a progressive government, you can kill the stinking conservative prosecutors with one hit ♥️
Just f***
Kids, I’m full. The viewer rating is at 0.
It's good for a quick weekend, but it wasn't a waste of money.
Backpacker dead end
Kitchen ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That...? It wasn't an agreed-upon act? Report it? That woman is really weird too. I really hate her for acting like that lol.
All the people who are making malicious comments should be sued.
Parents of Yonsei University - I think they miss their kids - They seem to be coming to Korea to see their son.
It seems like a lot of celebrities are dying during this presidential election... Disaster has struck.
He looks handsome. I want to try it on the toilet too.
I took the picture like that on purpose because I have nothing to show off other than my body.
You know that physiognomy is a science, right??
Honestly it’s cider!!!! Is there anyone who doesn’t get dusty? Cheer up!
Cheol-gu and Bo-hwang make more money than doctors haha.
How dare you threaten Song Hye-kyo.. Shiki really decided to get married from the beginning to increase his popularity.. Song Joong-ki is so clever and cunning.. Awesome.
How long has it been since it was free that there have been so many accidents?
I really enjoyed watching Mama Land 1. And I like this person because he's bright and cheerful, but why can't they catch him? People say that if you film and broadcast, you're a celebrity, but what kind of job is that? Park Soo-jin's friend said it was his job. People who say nonsense.
Yoo Jae-seok should get off now.
I'm jealous. I'm jealous that we all work hard in our respective regions and take care of our children.
Your biological son? I've never had any trouble
There is also a blog... Hey... I heard you also commented on reviews posted on other people's blogs... https://blog.naver.com/myungi7
Do you mean getting ptosis at that age? Haha, if you're so proud, you can show me the diagnosis and tell me.
The drama that was ruined by the camellia flower ended without a word.
This is a war against the indigenous Japanese pirates of the pro-Japanese party that these three people have called upon. It looks like they're trying to get you shepherd-like bastards to commit suicide. It's a war against spies, you bastards.
Chahong and her image are similar. Cute and cute hahahaha pretty ^^
I'm not a celebrity, so please just come out. I'm a woman, so even my husband doesn't like me.
The meaning of Sangmun is to drink the dead man’s anggani.
Wives, if your husband looks a little upset during an argument, just moderate it and get out of the way. I’m not doing this because I’m ignoring him because he keeps pestering me.
These days, Ana Yoonseo is prettier than the actress.
It's the parents' fault... why should the children be criticized... I don't think that's right.
There is no will to investigate Chong-kyung Yoon and VIP. Only the Burning Moongate special investigation can tell the truth. What is the Moon Jae-ang administration afraid of that they do not investigate?
Body art....the end
●If you think about it, Hong Sang-soo and Kim Min-hee had a really pretty love.●
I'll have a look later when I hear that Yang Jun-il is talking at Garosero Research Institute.
There aren't too many entertainment shows to watch haha ​​I guess I'll write more about Jeon Hyunmoo. Every time I turn on the TV, it comes out so much. The news is the most interesting.
I don't know what kind of confidence they had at the press conference... they stayed still.
The lottery was a disaster...
I knew who Lee Cheong-ah was after reading the article.
Get rid of the women’s college first. Ewha University's medical school, pharmacy school, and law school should be returned first.
Bless Wendy. Cover the blood with the blood of Jesus. Apply it to your wounds. I pray that you may prosper in all things and be strong as your soul prospers.
When Musie Eun Ji-won, Kim Jong-min, Lee Sang-min, Kim Hee-chul, Lee Ha-neul, and Kim Chang-ryeol come on, I always change the channel.
I felt sorry for Dan so I didn't see him for the last time.
Shin Hyun-jun Cool K Joo Young-hoon
What on earth is it about? What is it trying to say? I don’t know the author’s intention!..~ㅠ
I think you can just not come out.
I didn’t know it was Lee Jun-gi..
75% female ratio, 37% in their 30s ㄷㄷ International marriage is the answer for talented Korean men. Try targeting Japanese women
Why do Kim Joo-hyuk and Jeon Mi-seon give me such a good feeling? They make me feel different from other people..
Why are you dating Kim Nam-gil and Kim Ah-joong?
Please punish me severely~
Seojin is Hyori, Seunggi is Yoona, who is Seojun dating?
We decided to meet overseas and sat down to film a spy movie.
I can't break your habits. We all know that it's so cheesy that Youngwon should have been kicked out of broadcasting, but he comes out and causes trouble and causes trouble once or twice. Now that the people are unfavorable, please come out and stop stressing the people.
Isn’t Ku Hye-sun the most malicious commenter? Jaehyun Ahn did the favor.
The couple in this house are both so unaffected and honest that they don't appear pretentious for broadcast, so they are being criticized by antis.
Even after looking at the article, I have no idea what it is talking about. Besides, germ warfare at that time... even if it was a fantasy, it was... a joke, right?
Why did I think it was a drama with a good feel at first, but in the end it turned into a drama with a crappy opening scene with a cliché setting...
Are you satisfied, feminists, that Lee Myung-bak has become a country with a girl group?
Ah, what can I do about Seungri’s speaking skills? Haha, he’s so charming.
You have to go to the end to find out... It may feel bad for the victim (the person claiming it), but I don't know because there have been quite a few cases recently where things were overturned at the last minute.
Love~ is forgotten by another love~~
It's Kim Soo-min's trend certification haha. And it's an eternal truth.
I understand, thank you
They're all too old. Bring me Sankom.
Didn’t the ㅇㅏ position be abolished?
I don't want to do Sechskies' activities and I want to make easy money through broadcasting haha. Fuck, I guess I'm rich.
This government is trying to turn its attention to celebrities when unfavorable information comes out.
I want to taste my wife
It was the original repertoire, it was planned.
Why is this song released and why do we listen to it again?
My face is about to burst hahaha. Who took drugs and ruined 2NE1? Hahahaha
People who drive Han Hyo-joo, come see the film. I haven't had a break so far, and I auditioned with In and Mu-in, so I immediately went to film another American drama. Are you kidding me?
Have sex with the person you are going to marry in the first place~~
Let’s revive YG’s empire, let’s make Big Bang’s comeback and step on Bangtan!
They said they promised an apology and compensation on the day of the surgery... That's not the doctor's side... If the hospital didn't just come out recklessly and promised an apology + compensation, is it okay to shame them publicly?
Yoon Kye-sang is good, but Ha Ji-won has been failing for some time now. Let’s play a role appropriate for her age. I mean, I'm not in my 20s.
They sound like idiots~~ These are the poor people who say they don't take responsibility!!!
It's so pretty
Ah... I'm not a drug addict. It's not polite to legends to have a drug addict among sports legends.
There are so many twists and turns that I enjoy it. . Even if there are a lot, it's G. Roll - Even if there is none, it's G. Roll
Please stop coming out, Kim Jong-kook.
I'm a brother who draws lanes. I want to go draw lanes on that road. Isn't that too much on the center line?
After a hit-and-run drunk driving accident, I dumped the car and ran away.
Hehe, but she's really pretty, Jung Yumi
Why does my mom have to feel guilty? Live proudly. Is your mom guilty?
Kim Geon-mona is a fan of vegetables and egg rice? Stop coming out with the ugly bird. Kim Heung-guk and Kim Chang-hwan, Dani's best friend, you look like that kind of person too.
Thumbs up for Yeom Jeong-ah’s acting skills.
congratulations...! U-KISS was my favorite when I liked them, but now you're getting married. Be happy.
Ahn Jae-hyun went to see the lawyer for the public interest reporter ㆍI want to praise him for his calm responseㆍNot filing criminal charges seems to be the last consideration of someone he once lovedㆍMr. Gura is quietㆍ
Still, he looks good and has talent, so he could be active in other fields... He's still in his prime in his mid-20s.
Kwon Sang-woo is so handsome. Kim Hee-won? The name is also strange. That guy looks really dirty. Even in his incarnation, he developed murderous impulses.
visual?
Wow, I’ve become a grandma now ㅠㅠㅠ
Is it possible to get pregnant at that age?
How many times is it just today? It's plastered with articles about all kinds of celebrities. It's a dirty regime to cover up druking.
I have to work hard to avoid being called an aunt.
Gwangsu, Tiara, Hwayoung, Hyoyoung, they are all the same... Areum, Dani were the only victims.
You're still pretty.
Kim Hee-sun... she's so pretty and a good actress... I hope she succeeds!
The best plastic surgery was proven by dieter Jeong Mi-ae. Mi-ae's pretty smile is even prettier in person. I always support you~^^
Girls' Generation Yuri
Cheer up, Sook-unni ㅠㅠ I think I heard you were the youngest daughter ㅠ May the deceased rest in peace.
They say you're not guilty... just stop!! Malicious commenters.
Beauty and humanity must coexist
She's so pretty, she looks so good and her personality is lovely.
When I watch My Ugly Bird and see Kim Gun-mo, I change the channel. This is something I do when I'm older.
When I wake up and come down the stairs, when I get carried on my back...ㅠㅠㅠIt's sweet.
(How the current hotel owner feels) Ah 18 I got hit by lightning out of the dry sky and the hotel looked like it was ruined, but someone keeps praising me....
How long have you been eating? If you just fine 50 times the amount you spent, you won't be ruined, right? It's better if you fail
It was really bad. I was annoyed to see a Korean-style new drama that didn't have the bright and lovely atmosphere typical of the original work. LOL.
Why can't Song Hye-kyo become Kim Nam-joo? Don't rely on her beauty alone and try to improve yourself through acting~ No more melodrama!!!
Jungle Law is a fun and amazing program where you can experience the hardships of celebrities and how to survive in extreme situations, but it seems so unfair to treat them like high treason overnight like this. I hope Thailand will be lenient.
Am I the only one who doesn’t watch Running Man? 6 wins? Is it fun?
This fraudulent republic has been ruined... It looks like it will be ruined soon...
Still, I'm glad Hyebin has been patient with me all this time...
What's wrong with that? Don't mess with a girl with a good personality like Hyuna. She is a goddess on a different level from those temperamental bitches.
Dirty, difficult, and difficult 3D,,, Most people live like 3D,,, lol.
Please also specify the attire. White clothes and no bra.
Wow... San is really cool. The speaker in the last song was a man who called himself a feminist with wrong information and actually had no respect for women... It was only Jerry K who ran rampant based on appearances... I guess he ran away because he was embarrassed.
They're blatantly singing a plagiarized song on air, I'm crazy lol.
I don't like being called Sony...because it's a Japanese brand...Son Heung-min didn't become the best for nothing~ I want to follow his example!!
who are you? ㅎㄷㄷㄷㄷNow even minor roles
I look at Park Min-young because she's so pretty. She's good at acting, she's pretty, and there's nothing missing. How is she so pretty?
Even a couple, I guess.
I don't think it's a legend yet. It's too much to be a legend
I think people who shoot their nose should go to a mental hospital.
Congratulations on your escape, Joong-ki. Women over 30 have lost their sexual attractiveness as women.
If you're around Goo Hara's age, it's hard to get pregnant anyway, so you don't have to worry.
Filmo couple unfavorable
Honestly, no matter how close we were when Kian84's studio opened, Han Hye-jin's behavior was a little questionable. She has a boyfriend, but no matter how close she is to her younger sister, I don't think I was the only one who felt it was strange for her to go and laugh and have fun.
Isn’t Forte di Quattro the name of a supercar??
Why don't you film the pregnancy process??
The assumption is too simple and ignorant. I don't care about other people's feelings.
Whenever I see this actor, I think of my mother... I get sad every time I see her.
The people have already forgiven you. Still, I will wait for you to reflect on yourself, recharge, and see you with a good work.
Articles are also provided to the general public??
Look back or not.
It's embarrassing to see Musie Lee Hyun and others become singers. Abolish the fortune-telling. Anyone can come out and anyone can become the singer ㅠ The difference in level from before is so big that I can't watch it these days.
I thought it was a cow lol
As for Park Hae-mi, don't play with the press and deal with it quietly. Is her self-image the only thing that matters? After all, isn’t it family?
When did you say we weren't dating? LOL Why would you tell such an obvious lie? Anyway, the man's pregnancy attack was successful.
Your son is so cute and smart~~ I support Gary..
There are a lot of crooked people. I'm glad Lee Byung-hun and Lee Min-jung appear in the show or whatever. These are people you don't easily see on entertainment shows.. Oh, I can understand it as I write this. Almost all of the people who dislike Lee Byung-hun are women. I sympathize with Lee Min-jung..
Pre-emptive comments (malicious comments)... Entertainment officials can easily blame the comments for influencing public opinion. I don't know about Krystal, but when I saw the article about IU, there were a lot of good comments, right?
Are you guys uncomfortable again?
I feel like I screwed up..lol
But does a 5 year old also use a stroller?? I know she was born in the early 15th year. At 5 years old, isn't she old enough to ride in a stroller?
Push it with Jang Seung-jo...
What about Kim Kiri? Dating separately, marriage separately
Is the indulgence starting again? Did you break up with your boyfriend?
Well, Zico is so unique.
Girls' Generation is out of fashion, and since they are a unit and not a complete group, even if they sell a lot of albums, their sales will probably be less than 30,000... SM, please make EXO come back quickly.
Living alone at Yonsei University doesn't seem like a good idea either.
The woman was also amazing. Even though she was out of her mind, she woke up with all her clothes removed and she just ignored it. That's also amazing.
Kang Han Na rarely posts good articles..
Are you a mom with two kids? I am currently pregnant with my fifth child, and when I heard that I am a mother of two, I just laughed.
Please ask Yoo Si-min to see what kind of sophistry he is coming up with.
Cheer up~ I’m rooting for you!!
Oh Dal-su and Jo Jae-hyun are popular, so let’s watch them~ Movies that don’t feature Dal-soo Dal-soo aren’t fun~
It's like changing viewership ratings with Rhymer.
Please reveal all the members who have been promoted to the top and reorganize.
That's probably why they saw Tak Je-hoon as a trustworthy and attractive person.
Kobong hyung
It doesn't suit my hair... I think a short cut would suit a young face.
Do you understand how scary the Communist Party is?! China is like this, but North Korea is so bad!! America, if it weren't for Park Chung-hee, know that our country could be like that!!
Life will be more enjoyable if you live like that. She's talented and has a pretty face.
I really like the sensitive and charismatic atmosphere.
And.. So Yoo-jin. Seems like a fucking official. I don’t want to see her, so stop acting out. I’m not fucking curious.. Please stop..
congratulation. Gong Hyo-jin is the god of acting.
I'm living a good life, but I'm far from home. Have a safe delivery.
Everyone from that area is like that haha.
Yangdong duty station was great~~
Are you trying to stick a straw in Lee Kwang-soo’s car? Like Yang Sang-guk's ex-girlfriend....
Unheard of. no fun
We are the murderers who stood by and couldn't leave a single good comment among all the negative comments. Is this all we can do to commemorate him after he goes to heaven... I feel so guilty.
It's a pity for the kids who were selected... The trainees who were eliminated due to the controversy over the casting scandal are more popular... They'll be chosen from now on.
What is Jo In-seong doing when he’s not in the military?
Yes, I understand. I'm not interested.
Ji-hoon Jeong, a washed-up actor, or Tae-hee Kim, an original acting reporter whose appearance is overly exaggerated.
Do you think 2020 will come? Youngbae hahahahahaha
These guys are not sexy because they are skinny. Guys like Hwasa are dirty.
The entertainment industry is a go-stop that fixes everything. Everyone says it’s good haha
It hurts a lot... Even though he did that at the press conference, they said he was a no-nonsense person... They said he didn't have to sleep, so the production crew had a hard time looking at that person... I wonder what he believed in and did that... He was a cheap actor...
I don't like dogs and I don't eat Boshintang, but do dog lovers feel like murderers when they eat Boshintang?
Yuk Jung Wan is also over.
I also want to lose 9 kg in a month...
Jiyeon must be soloed. My abilities are so precious. If you come across a good song, it will definitely explode someday.
Park Seong-jun is the child of an affair, a shockingly dramatic plot... It gets even more interesting...
Thank you, Mr. Popeye, who is really cool.
Even if you're short and ugly, as long as you're a celebrity, you'll be followed around by younger, pretty women. And you'll also run a similar business.
Someone else does the haircut and what do they do?
They're a pretty pair that really matches well. I'm even more excited and in a good mood. Congratulations.
Do the production crew really not know why the ratings aren't coming in? Do the ratings go up just because they use MC? It wasn't the MC's problem in the first place, but if this was going to be the case, why did they send Park Myung-soo and the others out?
Reporter Lee Seong-jae???
It's okay if we like each other, stop the hateful comments!! Congratulations, be happy
Oh, Jin Lee lives in New York, and Minseo Kim lives in the U.S. I hope you live happily. Congratulations.
Hey, hey, hey, come to my house.
I like the first picture. Just keep walking like that. Don't let the chaff come out for the rest of your life. The Earth is round, so keep walking and fall into the sea.
I was a doll before, but I think it would be appropriate to double-wield due to ptosis.
Moon Jae-in sniper drama
This is the universal perception of Jeolla-do.
Seedless watermelon... a field where crops cannot grow
Musma doesn't look good
Woman = I did it to get money. Man Ji-Hwan Kang = I did it just to try it once.
It's over for women once they turn 25. Girl groups are limited to those under the age of 25.
To be honest, Moon Hee-jun and So-yul don’t really suit each other.
Neither of them are cheap, and they both look the same. It's unfair to be singled out by the cheater, so either the bitch who is telling the world, live straight.
Let's stop fighting
I... I can see it beyond. I cautiously anticipate that the next sponsorship will be hair loss.
Mongolian government? Is a man with a wife getting married again?
Hyejin Han is so bad, I hate her voice~ Just be a model~~ㅠㅠHee, show me well~~~ㅠㅠ
Henry is so kind and pure ㅠㅠ
If you don't have much to do, is BJ your job?
When I see Dana gaining weight, I think I'll be pretty like her if I lose weight, and it reminds me of those pigs who suck the spice off their fingers while eating seasoned chicken in the morning haha.
Kim Jong Kook It's getting more and more boring now.
So Bangtan has to go to the military
Hey, the pigs are going to change their attitude right away because they are acquitted. So they say we have to wait until the results come out.
I hope that Junhee grows up to be as strong and bright as she has been so far. I will always support you~~
It's true that Jo Jae-hyun is trash, but I think it's the right time, so I'm a udon dinner bitch with a head.
The person who told me that I should only write to my girlfriend when I signed up for a fan sign, didn't draw a single heart, didn't answer any questions on the post-it note, and just said 'hahaha'.
That's not his problem ㅠㅠ
Of course, the talkative 503 is going to the same hospital where he used to walk around as an emperor.
Reporter, it looks like you're really into it. Haha, I wasn't able to see Deulma yesterday, so I was really curious, but I thought I wouldn't have to watch the rerun... haha.
It's so funny hahahaha
business group
Is this something that will get Gong Hyo-jin criticized? I'm really worried about the structure of women's brains. Gong Hyo-jin uploading her own video without getting permission is a problem in itself.
~I'm 54 years old, and there are times when I cringe with shame when old memories come to mind. ~Don't you feel the same way, Actor Gong?~
As for the uterine and vaginal bleeding, did you put your fist in your genitals? Haha, and the bruises aren't really bruises from someone who got hit haha.
These days, kids often fight with one man and one woman, and I think they'll end up marrying a Korean. Just live your life without criticizing Korean men and Korean women.
Sunwoo is the last name and Hye is the first name, but they keep calling it Woohyewoohye... ㅜㅜ
In reality, neither of them are famous, so their income is unstable... It seems like they just broke up because they wanted to break up.
Ugh, people are talking about it because an article came out, but now that it's legal action, I can't say anything anymore no matter what article comes out.
Reporter Jeong Yu-jin Looks like a Yeosi Jkeupbang Womad. SPOTV officials, please pay close attention.
This girl has risen to prominence. I remember standing quietly among the so-called older girls in the cafeteria at Donga Girls' High School in 2001. - One year my junior.
Stop making pro-mating advertisements.
Finish it cleanly.. What are you doing so dirty? If the kids grow up and understand the purpose, they will do it very well~~
Taehee Kim, this bitch has no eyes for men! I can't believe I'm getting married to this guy!
It's quite a disgusting castle - enjoy it ^^
Maybe it's because I listened to my idol JK's music and heard about his life, but it felt familiar. . . I learn a lot about life!
Isn’t it time to quit Superbee?
What are you going to do with the kids? I have a lot of money, so I'll give them plastic surgery. No worries.
I didn't do anything wrong, but I feel like I did something wrong.
I want to suck your feet. They’re so pretty.
Good luck to you, Myung-hoon Chun, and I support you. Good luck to you, Jae-geun Ko. I hope you both have good results. You will do well~^^
I would have seen it if the female lead wasn't Kim Nam-joo.
I think Lee Gyu-han will suit him well haha.
What, Wendy got hurt? Well, I guess I have to go visit the hospital again.
There is no need for a divorce on paper anyway ~ You two can live happily together for a long time ~ Please know that there are many people supporting you!
I'm sorry for posting malicious comments before, because I was a fan of Kim Sky back then... Anyway, the truth is, no one but you can know the relationship between men and women. Lately, it seems like there's been a lot of articles coming up inviting malicious comments, but actually, you're pretty. Cheer up.
Park Han-byeol did a good job. She was good at expressing calm sadness, but what about her acting skills?
I want to see Sunye doing well on TV.
Quit smoking first
Honestly, I don’t like Hyun Bin. What is cool? He seems like a bunch of pretense, but he’s very out of form. Jo In-seong and So Ji-sub are much better.
He’s a bad guy!! But do we all have to live together just because I’m pregnant? Even if one person wants it, the other person may not like it. It's true that they have to take responsibility, but since they had fun together and got pregnant, I don't think that means they have to take responsibility unconditionally. I wouldn't know it if they had promised to get married.
I was caught running a hit and run to avoid going to the military.
You're pretty with bangs...
Ayu~~~~Be pretty!^^ Grow up brightly and clearly~♥
Na Hoon-ah, currently the richest person in the Korean music industry, also pays taxes regularly^^
I'm afraid he's not an actor, so he just shows me marrying a Chinese guy and having sex with him haha. My emotional arm is so fucking disgusting.
Both are right-wing.. they are the same as the Taegeukgi, the axis of evil.
I'm 45 years old and I know very well because I'm a big fan of noise, but he's only 2 years older than me?? Is this true?? ㅡㅡ
No, but actually, if you broadcast it, wouldn’t it be okay to narrow it down to small business areas and not even think about it..? The people who eat for 9,000 won are not people from that neighborhood, but people from all over the country.
It's a bit weird to buy a large couple ring and then look at it with a straight face because you lost it.
It's a bit weird to play around with names
A bastard eating with a mask on..
You guys, are you sitting there watching something like this even while President Moon Jae-in is attending the G20 summit? Ugh tsk tsk
People who see your facial expressions and actions are also uncomfortable. If you're going to be so uncomfortable, did you come here to tell me~??
You mentioned Lee Yong-jin’s name. This is my first time hearing it, so I even searched for it.
I was shocked when I saw the photo! I thought you were my wife
Lee Jong-seok is prettier... Why are they filming romances with actors who are like aunt-nephews?
Are you following Son Ye-jin??? The content is similar to I'm going to meet you now.
Since both sides have different interests, it seems like a different story will emerge if you listen to the agency's position. Anyway, I hope everyone sets aside their greed and resolves things amicably.
Didn't you get hit because you admitted to being in a relationship on social media????
Cheetah’s rap is so bad
Things with no blood on their heads. I'm working hard. Do you know what parenting is?
This is a world where the person who apologized to the public in tears after getting caught selling products that said he lost weight through liposuction and dieting has become a conceptual person.
The country is going crazy because of Moon Jae-Ang. Impeachment seems to be the only answer
Even though the amount was sufficiently recoverable, the complainant tied the debtor's hands and feet by filing a complaint = It is true that he did something wrong, but there is some interest involved behind the disclosure.
It’s not a problem of many, it’s a problem of ‘Ahn Jae-hyun’ ^^
Don’t you think your breasts are too big?
Just leave it out a little bit.
I wonder if she gave birth~~ Her beauty and body are amazing~ She’s pretty.
You old guys are so hot
I also like Bok-gil.
Does it make sense to give a reward to someone who is already dead?
He is the only professional who does not see it.
Kim Hee-sun continues acting
Shin Hye-sun, come out too~!!
I think you are a great actor and you act very well.. I hope you are always healthy and supporting me ^^
If it were me, I would date Japing.
You can let a child sit in an empty seat for a moment. Why are you so concerned?? It's not that anyone has taken care of it, but the people who cause controversy over things like this are more pathetic.
If I eat that much, I will definitely refrain from eating out. When it's time to eat, you can eat it at home or go to the buffet.
Congratulations. It's not easy to get pregnant at that age, but I guess heaven helped.
Why is Jjangkola our country?
Women are crazy, do you hate your husband’s cooking so much?
Did you pull my hair painfully? What's the reason? Touching your head like a pervert in a sexual harassment manner? Oh well, since there is no video, how can I know what is wrong?
Trash...similar to left-wing bugs...
Are you close? I am a close friend, especially Hyejin Han.
Ah, sweet and pretty couple^^
I feel this every time I see her, wherever she goes, Han Hye-jin is always next to Jeon Hyun-moo haha.
The standard by which women evaluate dramas... they only focus on whether the male lead is good-looking.
Jang Yoon-jeong had a good marriage..On the topic of singers and singers
How does losing weight make you look older?
Anyway, I'm glad it was resolved well~~ Good luck to you, Younghee Kim~~ If there is something wrong, of course you should be reprimanded and move in the right direction, but I hope you don't get emotionally hurt~~
If you do something wrong, you should be punished... Getting beaten is how you become a human being.
One unoccupied object has been added.
I’m jealous that they met their parents well and went on a trip to Hawaii at a young age..
What does it matter whether Director Nam got plastic surgery or did some shit? Take care of yourself. That actor doesn't pay his living expenses directly, he's not his family, and he's not the one who will be responsible for the rest of his life, so why are they making a fool of themselves with someone else's face? Tsk tsk.
Hahaha, you can be a comedian. It was the funniest comedy I've heard this year.
I hope the judge gets hit by a drunk driving car and gets run over.
Yeah, it's fun
There are so many part-time jobs.... The acting facial expressions are all the same. When you laugh, it's the same. When you cry, it's the same. When you're surprised, it's the same...ㅠ.ㅠ
I am 23 years old this year, and I have been looking forward to my sister's divorce. This is because my chance has finally come.
A woman's charm comes from her long legs, small buttocks, and big breasts. Lee Hyori is disappointing in many ways other than her face.
They are so excited haha. Why are you jealous? My wife is young, I have 4 children, and I must have a lot of money. It seems like a life with nothing to be envious of. Good luck to you.
He has the personality to say that if he doesn't score a shot, it's not his fault, but rather that he gave it up to his teammates. It's so ugly that he must have been embarrassed to say that.
Get punished. Male victims, make sure to report this person. Don’t feel sorry, just get punished~ Just like those women. Looking at the video, it seems like they would beat up even a woman like me. Since they are on the same level as those women, get punished together.
Jung Joon-young and Roy Kim turn into dust and disappear haha.
Look at the leftists leaving hateful comments haha.
I’m still doing this. Another Grandpa, Another Three Meals, Another Beef Bone Series.
It seems clear that Song Hye-kyo has some culpability, but I wish she would at least be considerate of an actress...
It's clearly revealed why they're worse than HOT's claws. Their rivals are a mess. They're a ragtag bunch. Sechskies.. Six assholes.
everyone!!! Is Seolhyun such a great woman that she sues malicious commenters?
I thought Jeong In-seon was in his mid-to-late 30s, born in 1991..... This is ridiculous, wasn't he born in 1981?
Oh Chang-seok is handsome and his acting is good.. but why are you in a place like this...ㅠShould he have been more angry when he was the defendant?
No, is it really something to be criticized like that for getting married and having a child? LOL I can't congratulate you, but you're leaving hateful comments. It's really bad to see it.
You are a true copy of Miss Young-ae!
Cause of death is a disaster
Kids who are nice to you? Isn’t this common conversation between men? Why is that called sexual entertainment?
Don't do girl crush things like this. They only like 82kg Jiyoung, but it's only a negative for those celebrities.
It's good, in moderation
I thought this was fun so I watched up to episode 11, but why am I not enjoying it?,,,ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ,,,
From now on, don't let Hongeomu appear at awards ceremonies or music competitions. A group of non-hit songs that combined 2.3 songs to win the music award. Their personality wasn't that great, that's why there was no controversy.
Baek Jong-won... Baek Jong-won... Baekjeong...
I guess I'm too old...ㅠAs someone who has given birth to three babies, I feel like I want to go and at least cover the pregnant woman with a cloth when she's expelling her womb. A belly with a baby needs to be warm.
Yoo Jae-seok, haha, you really made me grow up.
Hyebin, stay strong!
Why are you mentioning glass?
Don't pass over what's mine
Park Na-rae comes on so much, every time I change the channel, I get sick of Park Na-rae.
Who is Yuri? There are one or two Yuri...
It was filmed with Snow, but no corrections were needed haha.
It was a drama worth watching, but now it's over. Thank you to all the actors for their hard work^^
Those of you who curse, your personality is not that good either.
Wow Kim Sejeong, why did you change so much?
I don't think it would be fun if Madat didn't come out.
Anyway, I’m jealous!
I feel once again that feminism = mental illness
I'm laughing. I played a role wearing a wig due to hair loss.
Still, it's funny... I could just mosaic it. It's a lifesaver, but it's too much.
Even Moon Jae-in ㄱH couldn’t do it.
I've been waiting for you. I hope you don't get sick and hurt, stay strong, maintain a happy family, and do well.
If the female lead had dressed up a bit, the male lead would have looked handsome.
Everyone is excited
It's a leftist movie, perfect for inciting the pigs and dogs.
Just like U-Know Yunho, I really hate people.
What kind of nuisance can they do? Why are these idiots even aware of the fashion show? It’s ridiculous to curse at them.
No matter how much I look at Lee Jong-seok, his head swears.
She's much prettier than the pig-like lady haha.
I’m really looking forward to it!! Go for it!!!
Still, I'm jealous of him as a man... he's always popular because he's handsome.
Just abolish it. Infinite Challenge is boring these days.
Are all Block B kids like gangsters?
What is it? Why does it seem like the face has changed? I'm attracted to it because it looks a bit like the previous face is missing.
Haha, since the bride is next to me, I see a different image. I wonder if she is shy. Congratulations. I don't think you should see my mother-in-law.. 48 My uncle, I think he will say it again, get married.. haha
Did tvN really get caught again? It’s pitiful..
I liked Hyun Bin and Kim Joo-won when they were together, but I never liked them, but as they get older, they have more depth and are cooler.. Their acting, visuals, and voice... Actors in their 20s these days don't have anything like that.
All you have to do is repay with music~ Fighting! As long as the music is good, we will support you at any time! Why do Hannam people who say Lee Soo’s music is good, get soft on Yoo Seung-jun? Haha, it's been a few years.
So who is it?
I don't know who it is, but I'm interested!
You avoided elimination in number 3. Don't use tricks anymore! It's obvious!
It would have been better if Kim Ha-neul's nose hadn't been set up in such a weird way... ㅠㅠ
You were really good at acting in Gumiho.
Jeon Hyun-moo can't handle it... he has such a strong personality that he can't handle it.
It's been quite a while though
When did you do SSS?
I've been watching it since the first episode when Baekho came out, and the cast members really worked hard. I'm glad that they came back safely as they were recording. I am looking forward to seeing the members working hard. I will tune in next week as well ^^
Soshiseo was also terrible, but does coming out as a solo change anything?
Woobin, I feel sorry for you.. What should I do with the lady?
You look like a mixture of Lee Yun-seong and Yoon So-i. Love you pretty.
The Taste of Love Season 2 is over, and I don't know if I'll appear again when I get married, but in Season 3, the story of actor Oh Chang-seok's couple is the most interesting and anticipated, so I hope to air it in the last order.
No matter how close you are, do you still crush the person who fell on the floor? Even if everything else is different, why do you talk about things like he seemed like a crazy person who slept with women, and that he drank until morning and then came to the filming set? He looks like a snitch and unmanly.
Acting in a historical drama was a bit awkward. Whenever I face Byung-hun Lee, I feel alone.
I feel sorry for Kim Byung-man the most.
But is this something that should be lined up for real swords like that? There have been over 2,900 cases of COVID-19, haha. The record for the highest daily number of confirmed cases is being changed every day.
It seems like there's nothing I can do about it because the quality is just that... While eating grilled eel, I usually say things like this because it's delicious and I'm eating a lot. You can order whatever you want today. Why are you saying things like this? If you don't want to get criticized anymore, just stop coming out.
Yuri’s obsolete ligament, why are you appearing as a guest?
The women who followed and drank also had problems. Why? Go home. Same idea
It's not a movie worth 10 million views, but it was timed well and received a popular webtoon buff.
I wish we could just look at each other ~ Because in front of me is Kim So-yeon ~ in front of me is Lee Sang-woo
But is he unusually male??? It's creepy...
Why does my son pay back! Smart kids! So, live with being scammed!
I'm a sexually harassing woman. What are you doing?
Both are vulgar
Ahn Jae-hyun is a guy with a lot of problems. He married an older woman. Just having a mother is enough for him to be older. If an older woman is a kogi, it's a bitch.
I missed Song Hye-kyo so much~~~~~~ Fighting
Young people sucking and rejuvenating
The first person I see.
It's less fun than 1. I almost came out worse than the real one.
Every time I see Kim Yun-kyung’s face, I feel really awkward. She had too much plastic surgery. Yoo Dong-geun's face was bleeding with ironing.
Admit it. Kim Heung-guk was bad.
Look at the comments from the girls. Who is it? Why do women say such bullshit? Is it a special thing for women?
Honestly, we have to change everything except Kim Gura, it’s not fun.
Yoon Seo-in confidently stated the concept without paying attention.
In the future, if all the police are eliminated and building owners crack down on illegal activities, I will catch them all at 100%. Chosun Ilbo reporter, isn’t there anything illegal in your newspaper business? There's no way you wouldn't know that!
I support you Jaehyun Jo. I hope you win the case by digging into the false accusations until the end -- I hate to see the people's trial of bastards. Fighting Jaehyun Jo, justice will win.
Begin Again 2 was also aired on JTBC at the same time.
Seriously, is this funny? It's so childish.
I hope you find comfort in heaven.
I hope it fails big time
Hahaha, it means that they tried to ruin people's lives for fun... hahaha. The law ends with fines and such, so they do it for fun... Those people who tried to ruin other people's lives, I will ruin their lives....
When you make a promise, your thumb goes up or down. Haha, when you make a promise, your thumb goes down? Haha, if you're a public figure, you should have been more careful. I think it's something that can raise suspicions as if your usual behavior is being revealed.
Seven, you did well to avoid getting caught. Haha, that guy is that guy.
What happens if you break up after dating? It's better than getting married and then breaking up. Why don't you just appear on the show?^^~
Well, it's an entertainment show in web dramas and crime scenes, but I think it's good that they're doing well.
Why are you doing this? Even people who have cancer and whose fate is unknown are trying to survive, but they pass away in vain. May the deceased rest in peace.
No, I'm telling my brothers that it must have hurt to get my nose pierced.
The current government seems to be worse than the Park Geun-hye era. They have something to cover up. Celebrity articles... Please agitate the media moderately. It's a dirty government.
Ahh I love this couple so sweet
I'm 24 years old and I drink alcohol. I think I drank it when I was in high school.
We had sex because we both liked it, but one party shouldn't be criticized for not using birth control. Both men and women should be careful when they have sex because they like it.
I don't know the name, I don't know the face, so you pretend to be the Korean Wave with your own mental victory, and when Moon Jae-in is on the verge of impeachment, you even engage in backroom deals, inserting foreign pros, giving speeches in English, calling it the Korean Wave, and continuing to make trashy, incendiary comments. The impeachment and arrest are yours.
Hmm... Maybe it's because it was such a turbulent time... I remember the song well...
20 years difference?? Tsk tsk
A scholarly actor means a mediocre actor.
Dot TV’s handmade tomboy class~
I think I really wanted to show people that we, popular rappers, don't live flashy lives and don't play dirty~ so I left it as set as possible. Don't be fooled, you idiots.
There's some great scoop news.
This person can't even post on Instagram, but he needs to have a good level of inferiority. All the people posting negative comments here look dull and pitiful. Two pretty, handsome, and smart men and women are getting married and will be great until the age of 2. I'm doing this because I'm jealous, so don't worry about the negative comments and have a safe delivery.
I just pity Yewon ㅠㅠ
I'm so jealous that disaster is coming.
I will never go over 180 since last month.
Shin Da-eun hates gwanjongki gags. We live like this hates gags
The setting is so cool. It overlaps with the Hyeong-cheol couple. The scene where they eat in suits.
Yuri unnie...what are you doing at your age? ㅠㅠ
The baby still sleeps a lot, so you can eat while he sleeps.
A little bit... If there was a club in Gangnam, I would have been a driver.
Song Jong-guk's wife is so ugly that Song Jong-guk is cheating on him. Song Jong-guk likes pretty women. He likes his youngest daughter Jia. He also likes her because she is pretty‼️‼️
Since they are BTS, does that mean they can be used as bulletproof weapons in war? Let's send the army!!!
Fighting Jaehyun Ahn!! It’s perfect.. I thought about it well while watching the honeymoon diary. I hope you get divorced and walk on a flowery path~
Ah, today’s one was so much fun haha.
I don't know who it is, but men in their 40s and 50s should reflect on hitting their faces with glow sticks.
Do you still have fans?
It's a shame. He doesn't look like Ahn Jeong-hwan... No wonder he's an OOO leper... I'll never marry Jeolrassangdo. I'll even check his birthplace.
The ending I expected...
Is playing golf together evidence that you colluded with your husband’s case? Why is Park Han-byul criticized?
I wrote it at length, but it's okay as long as you gain enough weight that it doesn't hurt.
In fact, this kind of interest seems to be growing more. If you keep posting, people will be interested, so it seems like you keep doing this. If you are a real journalist, stop it.
They should be doxxed and expelled from the industry. They should be made to pay for making fun of their mouths for fun.
Hongyun looks cuter without the arrows
Yoo Ah-in + Yoo Si-chun + Yoo Si-chun's son who smuggles drugs = Trusts and filters.
Height... 155. Weight 43.. Isn't that okay?
Ugh~~ Ugh, it’s lame~~~ Goo Hye-sun, stop using SNS.
One week, Jeon Hyun-moo appears, and next week, Han Hye-jin appears. Anyway, the program concept is Jo Woo-soo, so why?
Seonggwang succeeded. Are you making comments like this now? Looks aren't everything, so please refrain from being anti-girl!!
You are a consumer who pays to eat, and you have not bought the right to criticize or criticize the food. Please do not be mistaken.
You're talented, I'm jealous
Please ignore what Hannam says like ㅆㄹㄱ^~~^Our femme fatale Narae^~^♡♡
It's so funny to see people commenting while making jokes because they're lazy. It's really funny.
Who is Lee Dae-hwi supposed to teach?? They're not even at the level of EXO and BTS
I really like the special broadcast. I'm so sad it's ending.
The three people who licked Kim Jong-un's poop were disappointed after driving out Park Geun-hye with candles. . . . Moon Jae-Ang's left-handed laundry, Kim Jong-un's toilet, and Kim Jong-un's left-handed laundry are also disappointing.
I hate both of them so much~~~ Wind~~~~~~~~Wind~~~Wind~~~~
What do you think of Lee Sang-yoon’s acting? He’s good.
I have to honestly admit that Han Hyo-joo is pretty.
Oh, that's good. You two look so good together. It would be nice if they actually dated.
What is the cause of death?
What's wrong with the other members?
Divorced twice. This one also has a lot of sales
Why is it that there are suddenly a lot of replies saying they are indifferent?? Suddenly there are 10 times more lol As expected, Naver is amazing.
I'm not going to get married for a hundred percent haha
Shaman love in the 21st century...
To be honest, I don't know anyone. So I won't mourn. Why? Because it's not sad.
How did you become a reporter? Why is the title so aggressive? Are the number of views important?
They say they'll train you properly and send you out... but it looks like you're still immature, but once you go on air and your name is known, you'll be released after you've developed further, so what kind of lawsuit? Not really... seems more cautious than abusive.
Ugh, I'm not saying you shouldn't do it, but if you're going to do it, I'm saying you should pay 19+. At least kids shouldn't be able to see things like that.
Is it really necessary to send a kid like this to the military??
I also hate formula feeding. Why make it difficult?
That's true, haha. Jeonradians live in their own world, right?? You're a good leader haha
Sweet and Salty Office I liked Shin Soyul's version better. The acting and palpable energy were plentiful.
I missed MC Mong!!!! I still miss listening to the song!!!!
Ready was worse than Hyoeun?
If your mother-in-law is a good cook, her husband may be picky about his tastes. I have been eating a lot of good food and delicious food since I was young, so I demand it from my wife as well. There is no need to be jealous.
What is the sign of pressing the dislike button in the middle of this?
The production team is cleaning up this cheap shit. Lee Yeol-eum made a mistake and her agency cosplayed as the victim and filed the petition. Lee Yeol-eum is self-employed. Because he is not a cheap person, he is returning the karma he has done. I hope the truth is revealed.
Look at the deteriorated tail of the double plate. I also have a good affair ㅇㅈㅠㅠ
As expected, Trot is Jang Yoon-jeong
Check out Bobby too. Kush is already a drug offender
I'm not sure who the flower is haha.
Why is that guy suddenly active in Korea?
Please refrain from drinking alcohol, beer, soju, etc. on Lee Hyori's broadcast, even if it's just light drinking. It's a bit unsightly. I hope you don't watch it because it's a broadcast even if you drink lightly sometimes.
It's really a waste of Hyun Bin. She's not a woman with plastic surgery.
Jo Bo-ah shines brighter with each passing day.
Why are men so obsessed with young women?
But Hyuna, you didn’t wear underpants yesterday, right? The skirt was fluttering a lot, so wear some underpants.
I have a good and clear professional spirit^^
It's really amazing that they even ordered the program to be abolished. It's a nuisance to the end.
Yang Hyun-suk is gone and Park Jin-young's personality is being re-evaluated.
If it wasn't T-Jo, she was just a country girl who could sing. Let's not be ungrateful.
I hoped not. I didn't want them to become close like that... They both worked hard to become singers when they were young, so why are they like this now...
Is Song Ga-in your wife? Why are you here? By posting something like this, I automatically become a Hongja fan? These days, the only thing I see on TV is the Rado dialect!! Enjoy it to your heart's content, there's nothing left!!!ㅍㅎ
I'm so sorry for Ha Ji-won ~ Ha Ji-won, more than Chocolate, would have been a huge success if she appeared in a drama set in North Korea this time with Hyun Bin, so it's too bad. Of course, the female lead looks good right now, but the role itself is a drama that Ha Ji-won is perfect for. Chocolate is....a calm impression... .
I wanted to finish the last broadcast. I wish you would read the good comments about Sulli...
Let’s go to season 2 with all the members except the female detective.
Get the hell out of Yoo Seung-min, you traitor to the conservatives, a despicable bastard who hit you in the back while enjoying a political life thanks to President Park Geun-hye.
I don't want to see it
Hancheo, you are quite capable. Meanwhile, I am curious about your brain state. Are you doing well these days?
Her beauty was at its peak when she was filming a commercial at Plaza de España and the drama Harvard. Then, she started to resemble the North Korean defector who had previously filmed a couple's entertainment show with Yang Joon-hyuk.
Look at Choi Jin-hyuk’s acting ㄷㄷㄷㄷ
So, take care of your facial expressions.
For a moment I thought it was GD ^^
The answer is for popular people not to do it.
Isn’t this boring? It’s a show window for a real couple.
Thank you Mr. Moon.
Haha, why do you guys who say you don't like Sulli kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke
Is the guy who is getting married going to contact his ex-girlfriends? Haha, he must be feeling sorry for Galani.
Stay calm and take care of yourself
The actor's beauty is definitely different.
I feel so much when I sing
There's no such thing as news, I'm bored, it's not a big deal.
But who is Lee Sun-bin? Is she a new actor?
Feels like an aunt and nephew...personal thought
It's been a long time since the MBingsin channel was deleted. We need to make Choi Seung-ho resign and arrest him for his corruption that has been creeping in through the door. Moon Jae-in, who has been corrupting state affairs, is a psychotic double personality who does not have the investigation or arrest that the public wants, and only punishes things he does not like and ruins the economy.
Are you out of money?
Why are you using such a difficult term? It's just a premarital pregnancy, right? How can you describe someone who got married as a child as an illegitimate child? Even when I read the dictionary, I get even more confused.
What an unplayable lol. No one who saw it said it was funny ㅡㅡ
I took the picture with my panties off, but it didn't look realistic.
I don’t want to see Ha Yeon-joo
Other than Seo Eun-soo.....a drama with nothing to watch.....The level of Koreans who get excited by watching crazy dramas.....really.
I tried so hard to get a prize at the end of the year, but I'm so disappointed.
If a celebrity gets married and then gets divorced, they have to give back to the prime minister... It's much better to just live alone and date models or racing girls in their early 20s.
Let's blow up the spring air for peace.
Oh Cho-hee, you did nothing wrong!!! Did you know that Suzy was also witch-hunted by Han Nam-chung? If you're at the level of Han Nam-chung, just ignore him.
Wherever you go, women wearing skirts are a problem, they are barbarians.
It could be a scam lol Who wants to get scammed?? Gulp gulp.
The way you look and talk like those in the middle of nowhere makes you look like a gangster, but you think that's cool, right? Hahaha, you're talking nonsense or you're talking nonsense.
It's better if she leaves, but if she leaves, it'll be like Soshi without Jessica. Jessica wasn't the lead vocalist, but her voice was the best, so her singing felt empty.
Could it possibly be worse? This isn’t an alien world.
Even if it is true, the child is not at fault. There is no guilt by association system in Korea.
Han Hye-jin's episode is a lot of fun... It's really possible because she's a model.
Are you released? You're talking like a smart dog. It's your house. Where are you going? They'll release it tomorrow? If I give you money?
Noh Hong-chul and Lee Sae-gi appear in a different place.
The Hong Sisters were so funny. Why are there so many haters? Just change the channel and see. These days, even ordinary people are getting plastic surgery. Yesterday, Hong Jin-young's Jajangmyeon~~ Absolutely haha.
Even if you think of people funny, you're oily... What is that? Hwasa has never made that kind of expression while wearing that outfit. It's light, it's light.
I'm quite envious of women who can't get married.
I think Jang Dong-yoon will do well.
Please make a drama like Empress Dowager again.
Jo Min-ki is a man, but he gives true education to Korean women. ^o^
Ku Hye-sun, I don't know if she asked for understanding in advance or who was being irresponsible. She seems calm and good-natured, but it seems like she was completely pretentious. Seeing her do whatever she wants like this, it seems like she has a bad temper.
Jaehyun Ahn is really having a hard time because he got married wrong. The problem is that the obsessive woman will probably make books in the future, so what are the damages? I think we need to create a solid legal mechanism.
It's a waste of a woman...just marry an ordinary person...
Trudy is delicious~~am~~
HyunA's actual height is said to be around 162 kilos, so at 43 kilos she is on the thin side, but it is not to the point where her health is a concern and she is pretty.
Even other dramas, if they are topical, will continue to appear once they are finished. Round interviewer. 90 media outlets conducted interviews. of course. What are you going to do with the media spreading it out? Fandoms of other actors should just pass by without being jealous or spying on them.
I support senior Yoo Geon-!!A proud and nice actor, Yoo Geon-!!!!
I pooped in the morning
Reporter Kang Hyo-jin is subject to punishment under Article 12, Paragraph 1 of the Public Interest Reporter Protection Act for exposing his identity as a public interest reporter.
How long are you going to drink it? It's the same in 1 Night 2, and if you meet Kang Ho-dong and Lee Man-gi, it's not like you're filming a skit... I'm sorry.
It's okay because you're pretty
It's so great to see an article like this..... Swelling is inevitable after giving birth, so what kind of plastic surgery theory is this?
I was so excited to see it today. . . Jinyu is cool
Get off your real sword, these people are manipulating things.
I think it's best to throw it out and use it for one time.
Should a writer's talent be used for something like this? They should be punished more severely.
Just do it once and be done with it.
I'm not interested in the breakup, I just don't know why Han Hye-jin is appearing, I'm curious because Hwasa looks a hundred times nicer.
Please tell me no. Please tell me I fell into a trap. I am not the kind of person who would do such a bad thing.
Gwanggyu hyung, I’m a fan of Seongguk hyung. Please tell me.
The visuals are not that good...what should I do...
To a certain extent, I agree with what he said.. But there are so many Baek Jong-won fans that he will be criticized a lot.. He is a good talker, so I don't think they will criticize him. Cheer up~
Why is this a real sword?
No, go to the concert hall. People are crazy. It sounds like a refund inquiry. I waited for a year. Here I go!!!!!! Let’s blow up Busan today~~~~~~
If I want to protect my family, I need to learn to cook and lose weight.
Didn’t Onew say he was retiring? Because of the club
Kim Heung-gukㅡ1959-2018
Let's go to the evil happy ending
I wonder how upset the man must have been... As a handsome and cool man, I understand.
Cheer up, Goo Hye-sun.
Why are you having such a shameless funeral? LOL
1 year of entertainment haha ​​2 years....
Confessing Couple Season 2?
Among these, Tazza has a Japanese feel. She is a crazy girl.
I think it's times like this that all the Mega girls come and say hello to Namgyeong hahahahahahaha
Manager Kim Jong-guk, just make fun of me. Are you a celebrity?
ㅠ Please let them get married~~
Will Kkuk Se-cheong do YG properly??? Haha, if YG fails, they did it right or they will overlook it haha.
If both of them were punished... both the lender and the borrower had bad intentions.
The army approaching others is fucking noisy haha.
I really want you to stop watching without being obnoxious.
Is there a part-time commenting job or is this a tracking technique? This is not the case to defend it like this... It is true that it has caused a lot of damage to others... Shouldn't this be requested to investigate comments?
Let's bring Sakura, Nako, Hitomi, Miu, Miru, Erii, and Sae and make them debut as idols in Korea. IZ*ONE just applies it and gains popularity like a top idol.
Honestly, it's true that they're playing together, but Jung Joon-young must have led the way and created that atmosphere haha. Even if you don't watch it, it's a video~
Hey, isn’t that a lie?
Oh, I don't think an actress as good as Choi Jin-sal will come out even after a hundred years... Her voice and facial expressions are the best of all time... These days, there are only Oh Yeon-seo, Jung Yu-mi, and other hot-acting ajummas.
Because Yang Se-jong and Ahn Hyo-seop were together, Ahn Hyo-seop seemed like a real baby. He was so senior~~~ See you again in Yang Se-jong season 3~~~
A drama that only Moon Ga-young saved
Hidden camera sharing? Wow... I'm so disappointed, Gong Yoo... I was a fan of Goblin Bogu... I hope you find a love dog.....
The bosses are nervous and getting more depressed as they watch the video being pointed out at the interview location. Look at Jo Bo-ah's expression next to her... She says she's worried, but what makes it even more uncomfortable is that instead of just sitting there smiling, she's an entertainer who has the ability to host and a sense of humor and can even do mukbang. If I appeared
I went to see Jang Mi-hee, and as expected, she dresses the best. She is elegant and the coolest. I want to meet her once before I die.
Why are you watching a nuisance program?
This is Kang Yong-seok, the victim’s attorney. Kang Yong-seok = Dodomam, all the things they said were all lies, and it was only then that they were photographed together.. It was disgusting~~ A person like that defended me haha. I feel sorry for the wife and children.
The production crew is also in trouble, and the cast members are also not responding. Especially Yoo Jae-seok's last words, is there even one program that Yoo Jae-seok feeds off? Running Man? Jeon So-min, a failing show, came in and performed CPR?
Jaehyun Jo, I see you are doing well.
Lim Young-woong is sick of it. Singing with the same pattern.
When San cheered up, he said only the right thing.
I hope the girls who are victimized will come to their senses as to why they are being taken advantage of by guys who don't even look like celebrities. Please~~
Jeongjun seems to be in the 4th dimension
If it had been Korean kimchi, the man would have been whined about how difficult it is to grow just one... I envy Park Joo-ho... As expected, he is getting married... with his daughter-in-law ^^
It's fun, but the plot development is a bit... Still, Kim Ji-won is a real charmer.....
The guy who exposes it as if he suffered 500 million won worth of damage with 600,000 won, and the manager who walked away without paying back 600,000 won... It's really sad... I really wonder why people are like that these days... Doxxing and dusting are stigmas in life. Let's go...
I know he was bullied. Haha
The silhouette picture is so scaryㅜㅜPlease don't do that...ㅜㅜWhy...you have all the money and fame...why are you like this...think of yourself as precious...go somewhere...even go on a trip abroad...and do something good. Come see it ㅜㅜ
What~~~Kim Jeong-hoon is really Jin-ah, it’s just that he was so kind.
Don't curse at the man
Sooner or later it will fail
Why ㅁㅊㄴ ㄸ
Lee Joo-seung is the most envious person in the world.
Then get half price or 20% discount on the ticket.
He’s really handsome~~~~~~^^Your eyes are so bright this morning~~~}}^^
No... what kind of celebrity is he... that he has airport trouble?
It’s pretty haha
Isn’t it obvious that people who make music like this die young? While taking all kinds of drugs, I put on the music I made and danced promiscuously with a woman. When I lost interest, I took more drugs and drank more drugs. I'm going to the next world. What kind of celebration is mourning?
The annoying male lead says it's okay because no matter how I act, Manwol will help me... And in the relationship between the harsh boss and the employees, why are they suddenly a couple?
Only the draft is real, the rest is fake
Ah, stop the self-made drip. Ah, I’m bored. Self-made drip here and there too.
Looking at the video, it looks like he touched his body in front of fans and pulled his hair slightly out of fear of being misunderstood... If you look at it, it looks like he held back slightly and then the girl idol turned around and walked towards him and pulled it hard. It looked like she pulled it slightly...
Why is there such a fuss just because I said something great?? Damn it, I don’t understand, even if you give me advice~
She's Jung Jun-ho's daughter. She looks just like her.
Kim Tae-ring’s facial expression in the photo above is cute..
It's not a tackle... I don't think it's size 66? I think it's still 77??
What is this? Write something that will make news.
This is the first time I've felt sorry for the general public.
I hope we can see Han Ji-hye in a different acting role next time.
Roh Moo-hyun is Park Il-do
Maybe it's because it's OOO, but my face doesn't frown when I cry.
Does it make sense that Tiger Mask is dead?
It's true that I cheated, but where does that baseless confidence come from when it comes to evaluating my appearance?
Damn, please take down the program quickly.
The right answer is not to do it. I uploaded pictures for no reason. I got hate comments. My head hurts.
Park Bo-gum, please get out of religion
What's with the legend that Jang Yoon-jung is the main character... She's going crazy... And when you let the judges in, check their earwax before letting them in... Are there only devils... Everyone except Park Ki-young just showed off.
Of course, look at the comment rate... you guys in their 30s hahaha.
Look, I don't have any money haha. You're so excited.
The chef may have agreed to the filming, but would the chef have agreed to the language used in the studio? Wouldn't it be necessary to maintain a certain level of appropriateness? Isn't entertainment really the same as verbal abuse to the chef, who is an ordinary person?
Who is Lee Wan??, he’s a novice
Sister, don’t be sick ㅜㅜ
I heard that the divorce rate between Chinese men and Korean women is the highest... Now this couple is the only one left... They have children, but they can last 10 years, right?
Is your chronic illness a toothache?? Everyone, let’s go to the dentist often and believe in Jesus.
The Metoo movement is nothing but a witch hunt... It must be countered by the youtoo movement.
Season 2 is coming out because the broadcast ratings are good and the reviews are good. No matter how much I curse here, everyone who sees it finds it amusing.
I'm an employee of an entertainment establishment, but what kind of sexual assault is this?
Isn’t director Bong Joon-ho’s Parasite too gukppong and not even a member of the national team? It deserves to be celebrated, but it's uncomfortable to compare the Oscars to national sports and eat them from a bowl. Everyone is so thrilled, as if Chairman Lee Mi-kyung thinks it is his own work.
So, I'm crying to thank you for helping me out even though my neighbor is on drugs and can't work??? Hey
It seems like you were born to be an actor...even though you don't have the husband's clothes...
The sushi restaurant's wife is all good, but I don't think she works with bare feet, bling pedicures, and slippers. It's not a beauty salon, right?
Mr. Kim Je-dong is also very talkative~~Please enjoy the program~~~
In this case, castration is the answer.
But if Mina comes out, who will sing??
It's vulgar. Why bother showing off her body in a swimsuit? The daughter-in-law has that kind of mindset.
National Assembly members, please do your work. I understand that opinions clash due to different political parties, but please pass the piled up finance bill as soon as possible.
I'm not much of an actor...but Minki's daughter is great at that...
I'm sure there are people among the general public who suffered school abuse while they were students, but it's surprising that only celebrities become an issue...
I see Song Jong-guk haha. As expected, the man has red hair.
Ki Eun-se is much prettier than plastic surgery Son Na-eun!
Cheer up Hyeonju!! I support you!!
It's pretty. Looks just like mom and dad.
no. After plastic surgery. Artificial. Artificial. The old days were better
Why did I do a fish cake mukbang? Wow..
No, you're stupid so you get scammed lol hehehehe
Basically, you're really good at singing.
Don't talk about Italian soccer^^ If North Korea beats South Korea and only Germany wins, doesn't that mean it's soccer?
Isn’t this a country-disgrace program?? A program that goes to someone else’s country and suddenly begs to be let to sleep with it.
Seolhyun is shaking... No, no, that's not right.
It's true that she is childless, but looking at Kim Won-hee, she doesn't seem to have a cool enough personality to not have children. She's very obsessed. She doesn't seem to want to say that it just doesn't happen. If she's honest, what's the point?
I thought it was Winner.. Really, the reporter writes the right article.. But does he also write an article about the marriage of an ordinary person with such a bad personality???
Park Na-rae, Yoo Jae-seok, Kang Ho-dong, and the 3rd MC, Entertainment Awards, Sung Hoon and Some♡ Bob Bless You are the main cast, this year is a huge hit.
After all, a man must be good at meeting women.
It's just your words. Please provide concrete evidence that you transferred the account, the transfer record, and the transaction records that you traded with Joonggonara.
Suzy really doesn't have the eyes of a child haha. What's a shame, with a kid like Lee Min-ho haha. Ugh, you too ha~~~~~~~~ Ah, it's still a long way away.
Ku Hye-sun is just as bad at writing as Ahn Jae-hyun's spelling and spacing.
Wow~~~ How can these kids look half and half like their parents, from handsome to handsome to the point of redness... so so so so so so.
But who the hell are they? They just publish articles about someone saying they're a celebrity.
I’m enjoying watching YouTube!! Be happy~
How long will they continue to blame the parents for the children? It seems like they're just saying they don't like Madat on TV.
I like it more and more haha
I feel so sorry for the ladies who are so crazy about I Live Alone that they forget reality.
Japan NO
I liked Han Hye-jin, but when she broke up with Jeon Hyun-moo, I really dislike her ㅡㅡ
The fact of sexual assault has been proven.
Jang Ja-yeon's beauty and personality are really good~~ Kim Gun-mo's incident must have been a huge shock. It seems like the beginning of their marriage has encountered a major obstacle. I hope they overcome it wisely.
Isn't it 29 billion?
What about Shusuke? Why isn't there anything about Shusuke?
ㅅㅂ You're like that without knowing. Do you think you did that with knowledge? Old guys and newbies talk so much haha.
Are you always coming? I miss you two~
I hope Nancy Lang lives a healthy life.
I trusted the Moon Jae-in administration, but how did this happen? People were beaten by the police
Hye-kyo, don't get close to someone like that.
huh? How can I marry Oh Na-ra?? Aren’t you too young for that??
At that time, I heard you said you would give me a gift to congratulate you?
Haha... there are a lot of really mentally ill people.
Kian, Narae, Sieon, etc. These people seem to be fans, but since last time, they keep making comments saying they don't talk well. Does it seem like it's just one side of them? Are we doing entertainment while talking to each other~ Please don't be so serious!!!
Did you abolish martial arts so that Yoo Jae-seok could eat alone, which was supposed to be shared between four or five people?
Not a doctor, but an Oriental medicine doctor? why?
Whatever the reason, I think it's the result of her hard work. Just as there are kids you can't ignore and kids you can get along with, no matter how polarizing it is... I think he put in a lot of effort too. I applaud you, Jeongwoo.
Jewap, please file a complaint against the malicious commenters in a timely manner. Don’t just look at the kids when they are exhausted and run out. Really, ordinary people can't even imagine the things that vicious haters do.
If Steel Rain was 100% fun, Along with the Gods was about 85% fun. How about this?
It’s been a long time since I watched Jaeseok’s broadcast! Let's stop now!
I'm glad I don't have Dohee
I changed my face
Honestly, at the beginning of SISTAR, all I could see was Dasom... but at some point, Soyou's face became prettier and prettier...
It's really tmi..
Is it true that it's the first time for a baby checkup after turning 2? Isn’t that abuse? Amazing, Great
I'm sick of people throwing around celebrities' names. What about Han Ye-seul? whatever?
Hyuna is cool. Maller View
IU's historical drama acting scene yesterday was surprisingly great. Now it seems like he looks better as an actor than a singer.
Gopdan's haircut was done well.. She's pretty. Gopdan.. Mom always loves Gopdan, so I think she can stay a little longer. Cheer up, Gopdan.
It compares so well to the writer who wrote Romance ㅜㅜOpening scene
Honestly, you guys don't even use these words? Why are you making such a fuss? Don't act noble. Just come to a place like this and pretend you learned something.
Sulli, try searching for Illuminati. Murder disguised as suicide.....
In Korea, killing one person is nothing. Before, they killed Jo Min-gi with #MeToo, but now they're killing Madat with debt. Korea is amazing. Do it in moderation. I'm me too, but if you have time to leave a comment, do something else.
Everyone, eat the gosam, you're crazy ㅠ There really is no one among die-hard fans who criticizes Sunye. I've been a fan for 12 years and have never held a grudge against Sunye. Don't pretend to be a fan. It's really ridiculous and outrageous. I hope everyone gets to know each other at the police station ^__^
What's wrong with this guy? He's not a celebrity, he's an ordinary person. He's either married or not.
ㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜYou're a great singer.. I'm a huge fan of you. I really want to get better and see you on stage again. Stay strong!!
Yes, all you have to do is reflect on it.
If you have a lot of money, you should throw away the old one and buy a new one.. Good job Yongdae..
Haha, the author's novel and the actors' acting are such a mess.
vs japanese
Did you serve in the military? It's nice to talk about it.
Who is curious about the driver?
Are we continuing to publish articles about trivial things because of a person with a badly beaten neck cast?
The proportions are good so I look like I'm 185cm tall...it's smaller than I thought.
As always, Hyun Bin's roles are similar. He is cast as a ghost in the rude and rude manager Han Nam-chung, who just eats life. He was divorced three times and a spirited playboy. This time, Han Nam-chung is cast again.
This drama was a bit disappointing, but now TVN needs to go back to the beginning and make a drama that is more realistic and leaves a lasting impression.
Please stop writing about trash and write about the Jang Ja-yeon incident. Because it would be a more meaningful and big event. I feel so sorry for the reporter... having to write about such meaningless news... tsk tsk tsk. If I can't talk about Jang Ja-yeon, please write Lee Mi-sook to leave and testify.
I support you. Of course, I have made mistakes and I have been disappointed, but worse people are living better. The grandchildren of large corporations do not go to the military, and the children of congressmen do not go to the military. Those people are living very well. I do not think I am criticizing them unconditionally. I support them.
6 days ago, Hyori is a bitch.....I'm jealous...and my nose bleeds...it's so annoying to hear. ㄹ Lee Hyori, I really have to go to the portrait, it's a benefactor.
No matter how great BTS is, will the awards ceremony hall be full next year without Wanna One? LOL
It's called Memories of the Alhambra Palace. They didn't interpret the drama title properly and are blaming others. This is Korea's reality. The writers, the viewers, the people, and Korea are all pitiful. The hatred, betrayal, and disappointment brought on by a competitive society is on the alert.
Joong-ki got married and fell apart. The freshness is gone and I feel like an old man. She should have been more active after being discharged from the military, but she was caught by Hye-kyo, so her character is very ambiguous.
Why is the man like that~~,,Tsk tsk
Against getting off? This is ridiculous. I never imagined an article like this would come out.
No, does it make sense that two 18-year-old women can't stop it? It's not like they were punching each other with their fists. I'm really suffering from gas outing,,,
As with Han Hye-jin, from Jeon Hyun-moo's point of view, it's just a matter of playing around with her and then throwing her away. No more than that. She assures me that she will never get married. Women are stupid. You're in a public relationship with Casanova. I think your path to getting married is blocked...
But with the faces and wealth of Joo Jin-mo, Jang Dong-gun, Hyun Bin, and Song Seung-heon... the women would have taken their panties down first.
Since when did premarital pregnancy become a thing of the past? haha ​​I saw that they were eating and the basics of housekeeping were lacking.
Who likes articles like this? Even though the economy is in trouble, everyone in the country knows that people are getting a good job and being wealthy. Stop reading articles like this. I'm sick of it.
I thought Adaebak was real and thought I was on Lee Guk-joo's side, but it's a program...
Noh Sa-yeon, at that age and that level, is really well-maintained and has good sense. She's different from ordinary jummas.
Park Ji-seon is ㅜㅜ
There was a rumor...
I skipped William for a while, but today he looks like this and he has grown from Seojun to a kid to keep an eye on.
Shouldn’t they make season 2 of this rather than Arthdal?
A drama I've never seen
Strain the Laurieux.
Why do so many young people get sick so much?
All celebrities try Pilates. Is it fun?
It's not that Cha Eun-woo is ugly... There are a lot of people who are better than Cha Eun-woo, so why all the fuss about him? I'm really curious
Fighting~Jannabi~!! Today’s performance went smoothly~!!
Children who did not receive education at home as children can never hide their true nature.
Anyway, I hope this relationship continues as it is even in the future. If in the future, the two of you deny it is not the case like other people and then become closer, then please don't say, "Yes, I was deceived."
Wow, you slandered Gio's sister haha. Now you're making a living. The fall of the conservative ruling party. Spokesperson Abe's main enemy is North Korea, but keep in mind that you are the worst of all.
Rhymer, just divorce and meet a good woman. If you have enormous wealth and that level of ability, it is best to meet a good woman. If your husband is selfish, you are not selfish. Finally, after thinking about it, you only think of Korean women.
Hey you idiots, would you have paid 9,000 won without making a profit? There are a lot of idiots. It’s pathetic.
Since Park Bo-gum grew his hair, V also grew his hair, and even Song Joong-ki grew his hair.
Even movies like Black Priests have 5 million views... but it's surprising that this movie has over 10 million views. It was childish and I thought I was going to cringe to death...
Is being a journalist a job that basically requires one to be rude? We need to think about whether it is okay to treat other people’s private lives like this.
She’s a beauty^^ As expected, celebrities are different.
No, why do criminals keep crawling out?
I don't know if people even donate after being hit with ice water. We're doing this to collect donations to build a building, but if we just end up with water, who's going to pay?
Oriental medicine doctor's old water persimmon
I really hate women, something like that.
Even though the baby is 5 years old, he is still riding in a stroller.
Who is Shin Ji-soo?
Jin Lee is pretty and attractive.
Park Na-rae's dressing sense and delicious cooking are also the best. I envy her ^^
It felt like the content was going further and further into the mountains, the initial freshness was gone and it felt like it was dragging. I was fiddling with my phone the whole time I was watching it.
Will Park Ho-san be the jab to Oh Dal-su? Lim Won-hee is better than Park Ho-san...
Eunseom is so cool... I'm already addicted
I’m tired. Thank you.
Even if you ask me to delete it after deliberately leading you into a conversation, you won't delete it and my friend is a bad bitch.
I don't know why women always have to raise children alone.
You're as pretty as ever. It seems like I'm the only one who gets the time right...ㅠ
I'm sure Lee Joon will relieve his sexual desire when he goes on vacation haha.
These days, I live alone. Honestly, it's boring.
But if only the text messages from 2014 were made public, didn't he threaten them via KakaoTalk 10 years ago because he hasn't done anything bad since then?
I was watching Takuya Kimura and Eri Fukatsu, and even though I only saw this as a meme, did I ruin the original Nano work like this? It would be better to cast So Ji-sub, who appears on the next station, or something...
I don’t know why Boom is being criticized. It's cool that he's not a criminal and lives hard.
I just want to restore Ahn Hyun-mo...
It's better than the disgusting O18 News.
What kind of official position is an actor? Office workers are subject to career breaks and age restrictions even if they take a break for just a few years, but young people make money by selling their emotions even after taking a break.ㅜ
You two look so good together
What is this that keeps coming out in articles...? Are there a lot of spawns??
I don't know why I'm waiting in line. I've never seen a good restaurant in my life where I had to wait in line to eat.
I am working hard, so please be kind to me. Stop posting malicious comments again.
From the moment Koo Dong-mae appeared, it was a pity, but I had no luck not watching it.
As compensation for the damages from the divorced wife, I gave the scarlet letter necklace to the ex-wife of the most intelligent person, and I have no right to boast about my money.
I don't know because I haven't watched the drama, but I guess it's a drama where a man is dating a young woman?? Anyway, I hope this drama will appeal well to the public and become an opportunity for older men to meet younger women with confidence.
The most hated female celebrities are Kim Soo-mi in 1st place, Kyeong-sil Lee in 2nd place, and Taeyeon in 3rd place. The reason is clear. Pretentious, just by himself, but putting others down. He won't even use an atomic bomb for his own benefit.
I don't care who you date, OOO bitch, bitch with injections in the face lol, it's disgusting.
Based on the flow and circumstances of the incident, it seems like there was a hasty agreement with the victim... He was a cool newcomer in an enjoyable drama... It's a pity. I hope that there was a sincere apology, regret, and forgiveness in that agreement.
When it comes to marriage partners, it's Hong Jin-young rather than Song Ji-hyo. First of all, Song Ji-hyo seems a bit difficult to get along with, how can I say it, and she seems sensitive... If you just look at the video of Hong Jin-young's event, her personality comes out as is. She's good to adults and it seems like she'll never be bored when she's with her. Of course, that's all she said at night haha.
I wonder why they are doing this. Do your parents know?
A pig's life is like a housewife's mother, so it's a pig's year‼️‼️‼️
I'm not pretty at all... but aren't I pretending to be too pretty? I hope you find the right role quickly...
But when this couple comes out, I just turn it around ㅠ
But why is the fact that the fact is currently being investigated and has not been confirmed yet, but if it is confirmed, the chef must be punished if he sexually assaulted her. Doesn't that mean that the woman is also in trouble??? Why are you avoiding her by mentioning that she is an idol father? It was last September that there was a high possibility that that woman was Gura.
It was quite urgent
This guy enjoys social media so much, he’s going to get hurt later.
How can I go back without Jeon Hyun-moo... Come back quickly~~
Ugh.... Pathetic guy. If he had acted properly with his good looks and acting skills, he would have become the next generation actor to succeed Park Bo-gum.... I lost my luck.
Seohyun: Kids like this belong to Girls' Generation, but then they don't have an agency? Or, I don't understand where they went. I think they're still in SM.
Are you still doing this?
Is this Jung Joon-young's fault? Of course, once he gets caught, his career as a celebrity is over. What kind of b.s. wouldn't factory reset that thing? The puppy-like police didn't investigate properly hahahaha.
This guy would be worth watching if he didn't say any dialogue.
Hahaha, why are the comments like this today? They must have turned off the comment section at 7 o'clock. The way they speak is similar... This would have the opposite effect on Park Na-rae...
What's going on? It's just that Rollin Rollin showed off each individual's personality well in the choreography, without any member being an asshole, so they were popular evenly, without any single member being unrivaled.
The delicious acid is a bit salty for you
There are a lot of celebrities who suffered abuse of power and ended up in trouble. . .
We support the beautiful love of artists
I bless you, so get out. It's no fun. Get out now.
Rather, why do you say something to people who praised Jung Woo-sung for publicly apologizing or pointed out the expression that compared women to flowers?
These days, there are a lot of people who start dramas before they even start..
Haha, you're a bitch.
Lee Sang-min's dog's name is Jjingko. It means ZA ZI in Japanese.
If you touch Jungkook, it will get worse... Don't touch Bangtan. Naver real-time search
But these days, the police don't promote Moon Jae-in if he's not in the line, so I hope it doesn't backfire.
Park Nam-jung has been taking her to appear on TV since she was in elementary and middle school, and it looks like she's slowly starting to work properly.
I can't see you anymore.
Are you saying you comment like this when you’re jealous of Korean women? LOL
Didn't he admit it? If it's true, he deserves to be criticized, but since there are many cases of sexual harassment by public figures that have been a hot issue these days, many of them have been countersued after being acquitted, so let's refrain from making malicious comments until the results of the investigation come out.
Stop it. I'm bored now.
My sister got married well ㅇㅇ
Han Hye-jin's outfit was a bit uncomfortable ㅠㅠ
Yeon was really pretty when she was young. Now that I'm over 40, I'm retired and can't get married. I'm at the age where I have to either get a new job or live alone for the rest of my life.
Looking at the photo, you look really pretty... Have a pretty baby and live happily~~
They really seem to think a lot about their employees and artists. It's good to see welfare.
Are you two siblings? Even if they are not biological siblings
52% women Kang Han-na are terrorizing haha ​​stop it you guys look so ugly
I skipped the draft part.
In Korea, he doesn't even have a single daily #1 hit.
You seem to be very close with Jung Joon-young. If Park Na-rae has a conscience, wouldn't it be polite to organize her programs one by one?
It’s okay~~Repay me with music, cheer up!!!
Controversies always seem to be caused by the titles of articles like this! Rich people need to spend money to make the economy work. Whether or not they wear luxury goods~ Titles like these are really lame..ㅡㅡ
The Return of the King...the real thing has appeared! Although he had an affair with BTS for a while...GD is back~!!~♡♡♡ It's okay for you to stay away~~~
Just pretty, just plain pretty, but not attractive
I was pretty when I was young too
I'm asking you to find out who is in the internet comments and provide an explanation. It's not that I'm angry about appearing on TV smiling, it's that it will increase my popularity. It makes my blood boil. What kind of bullshit is this that makes me feel inferiority?
The men who accused Ban Min-jeong of being a flower snake are really... OOOs, why do victims always have to get hurt two or three times when they claim damages?
What should I do now? I really hope you come back quickly for season 2. I’ll wait for you~~~.~♡♡
Ji-sung’s role in the play is really bad.
In some ways, it seems like I'm happier than anyone else in the world.
Am I shaking?
Mental Gap Lee x-jeong
Fighting Choi Minsu
I asked them not to publish articles, but the reporters who published articles are so thoughtless.
Ku Hye-sun, fighting~ May you only walk on flower paths
I think it was Get It Beauty, the person who was good at bringing out your natural beauty. Out of all the experts there, she did the best makeup.
I liked her the best in T-ara... After seeing that she aided and abetted the bullying incident as the eldest sister... Anyway, live well... I liked you the best in T-ara...
Kid Millie's bubbles are falling out haha ​​I can't sleep and have a forced pronunciation flow... I heard you're pretending to be trendy
It's time to break down...
I was aiming for this bitch
As expected, awareness is proportional to malicious comments..
What should I do with the pig?‼️‼️‼️ Why are you drinking so much? In Africa, there is no water to drink, so we need to catch and get rid of the pigs that are drinking so much‼️‼️⁉️⁉️
It's like the Gimpo moms flocked in and started a fight ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ
It's not that big of a deal^^ Maybe it's because he's a celebrity and GD, but he's short and shy, so it's not that great.. Now, it's like he came out with a screw loose at home haha.
I'm really jealous of E'Dawn Hyuna's couple, they're so pretty and I support them.
Is Kim Gun-mo a gangster? What kind of world is this these days, where business workers sexually assault people even though they say they don't like it? The gangster guarding the business is beating him up and running him around~ You're talking bullshit that doesn't even sound like words! The business girl was planning to steal the money. Is there any evidence??
I'm really curious to see how far it will go if you expose all the collusion that has come to this... Then you are the human winner.
Women must be young at all costs. Honestly, old women are useless. It's natural for rich So Ji-sub to date a woman 17 years younger than him.
Someone forced the certification of condolences, and the reporters writing articles on certification of condolences said funny things and said, “Don’t write articles like this.”
Lee Pil-mo’s face looks somewhat sad. Seo Soo-yeon looks comfortable with her face. Is marriage a man's grave? Be happy you two~
Say things like that when you're in your 50s. People in their 40s and 50s will get hurt because of your bullshit.
So why isn't there one?
Choi Soo-jong's pretentious reaction is so old-fashioned. What era is it now? In the end, the honeymoon is free and the silver wedding anniversary is also free.
It's your personality, don't come off as an emotional person.
Like the Busan middle school girl incident, the perpetrator hits the girl on the head with a wooden block and makes her bleed. When I smell the blood, I want to hit her even more. If you parody the scene, the Korea Communications Commission will immediately sanction it. The reality is even crueler.
Yes, you don’t have to watch it on broadcast. Have a nice life ^^
When things are really hard, it's hard to even mention the deceased... But you mentioned it so much that I don't know if you're serious.
I hate black-haired foreigners...disappear from the country.
Speaking of your wife, does that mean she is also a former Miss Korea?
Looks like the Joker
It's all Yoo Jae-seok's fault. Yoo Jae-seok ignores Park Myung-soo and doesn't want to save him. He has to live his life as a professional, so he seems to rely a lot on Jo Se-ho.
Excessive settings here and there. It's fun. Haha.
I'm the only one who knows...what about the rest of us? That's so selfish
Personally, I thought the tear scene was much sadder for Seo Dan than for Yoon Se Ri.
My heart hurtsㅠ
It doesn't suit me so well haha. Even if we get married, we'll break up soon.
I also ate it once,,, no.
May the souls of the deceased refrain
Jung Woo-sung and Gong Hyo-jin are originally leftists, but did the rest of them come out to get on the leftist line? They will soon disappear from the airwaves along with the criminals. People need to get on the right line.
There is no such thing as a fake #MeToo in the world, it's just a lame excuse from a bunch of guys.
The drama lacks realism. In the play, Kim Seo-hyung belongs to the wealthy class, but these days, none of the children of the wealthy are that fat.
The worst drama among the worst. It seems even more strange to watch a drama like this~ I can understand the whole story just by looking at the pictures.
Even though the kids have grown up, why do they do everything?⁉️⁉️
It doesn't seem to be Madat's fault, but she gets away with drunk driving, but Madat was five years old at the time... what would she have known? Stop blaming your parents!
I really like the Japanese people, they are friendly, and the people are much better than Korea, and they are not a developed country for no reason.
I need to sleep... but I keep watching the ending. Why is Manwol so sad, both in the past and in the present? The acting was the best.
You're really good at acting.
When he's alive, why doesn't Do Kyung-wan smile or react when his junior Jo Choong-hyeon and Ana talk about it? A model of an old school senior... the standard Korean image...
Did you really need to tie these two together? I really enjoyed watching it from the beginning, but it gets worse towards the end.
No one watches this drama except the lady...
A child who is not a celebrity, live a normal life.
William, you need to be nervous. The Bentley looks even cooler haha.
Is Uhm Hyun-kyung really an actress???
Kim Yoo-seok is a good actor, but I feel like the groom is much younger than me. You should look for someone of the right age. The age ranges are too mismatched.
Extortion without the right to veto.
I heard that Goo Hara also had bruises and bleeding all over her body. Can't the charge of causing bodily harm be applied to Choi Jong-beom? I don't know why Goo Hara is subject to the crime of causing bodily harm.
If your sentence is 6 months, you will be spending 6 months in prison, right?
Is that announcer now a bastard in Megals terms? Hahahahahaha I'm so jealous of Megals that I'm holding my keyboard and shaking hahahahaha
Yes, I was weak,,,
Lee Hyo-ri, Ock Joo-hyun, Lee Jin, Sung Yu-ri Wow.... I'm so excited to see Fin.K.L. on TV again ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
We both don't know. Didn't the person who thinks it's Yubin take Baek Ji-young?
I heard that the majority of the people were impressed by Kim Mi-hwa's hosting ability? Are all the comments here criticizing the blacklist?
As far as I know, T.O.P and G-Dragon have not been sent to the prosecution.
I have no idea who either of them are, but can we not use articles like this?
Do it the way Shinji does ♥
Author, please watch dramas from other countries. They are too boring. Even if it is a weekend family drama.
Now that I think about it, comedians and comedians get along well, get married, and then have trouble for a long time? I live well without it
I feel sorry for the men. MeToo and all. This country is crazy.
Will the daughters know what their father said? Interview with paid prostitutes~
Why do those pro-Japanese indifferents keep coming out? The production crew has no concept.
If the mountain is really like this, it's so sad haha. All the girls hate you.
No, the way you talk is annoying. I don't want to hear this..
They spent 20 billion won and promoted it so much, but did they post the 5.0% viewership rating as bragging? Also, the visuals of the male and female leads are too serious, and the way they talk is like a voice actor in a historical drama, so the viewership ratings are like that. .
If you look at the Hidden Singer that came out before, you look like Song Hye-kyo haha.
A person who knows this said that Han Hyo-joo absolutely did not say this. This is a serious defamation, so I feel a big complaint. Really... Is this the time to go crazy?
I hope you live a wonderful life again~ When you are in love, everything goes blind, forget it and start again~
What is a general attack team? It's really cringy. Do it in moderation. Really, you have to do everything in moderation.
Hey, if you really brought me here as your daughter-in-law, there would be no fuss.
In Korea, kimchi girls are very influential.
Running Man, the culprit is Baroner's production team, so it's ruined. Even if you don't watch it, it's a video. It's expected to explode~~~~ Lee Seung-gi, why do you want to appear in such a variety show? ~~~~~~~~
Song Hye-kyo must be in a strange mood
It seems like there is nothing normal about this group haha.
I'll keep posting articles from the time I prepare because I wonder how much I can get for the cooperative ㅡㅡ This is how I'm going to use it to become a housekeeper?
The harmony of the face leaves something to be desired ㅡㅡ
The real top of Korea~~~!!!!!♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Song Hye-kyo is good at walking alone even after tax evasion. You guys are tired of walking alone and it reminds you of how we used to walk like a harp in the old days, so we come together to walk together.
She looked so foxy, but she pretended to be pretty.
A selfie idiot comparable to Jung Woo-sung... How can he be so bad at taking selfies...? If that's the case, please make that face...
They say they like the two, but these feminists are so pathetic.
Think about what you say before you say it, you haters, it will all come back to you.
If it's true, why don't you reveal your face?
It's disgusting to see women in their 40s making fun of Hyun Bin because he's not worthy of his age. I hope you reflect on your protruding belly fat and ugly face^^
I have Japanese permanent residency, but I gave it all up, quit my job yesterday, and came to Korea today. I did well, right? Please praise me, you patriots?? LOL
Poor Choi Wook-man ㅜ
I think Park Seo-joon’s farts smell really strong.
Seunggi Don’t you sing anymore?
Just like with Sulli's no-bra situation, Hannam is leaving malicious comments and murdering people again.
Please make a law to prevent excessive dental treatment.
A mid-term type of moral book.!
This person is also an official like Jang Ye-won lol Why bother posting something like this lol
Be careful your dad...
Even if it's a luxury brand, doesn't it look too old-fashioned to have logos designed all over it like that? I feel like I would be embarrassed to wear clothes like that.
Monghyung, everyone has been waiting. Congratulations on your comeback. Please come out Yusuke too.
But what??
Alberto is smart and humble.
Prettier than Kim Tae-hee before losing weight
Three Meals a Day Go Go
Wherever you look, that's the silhouette of President Roh Moo-hyun. If you're sane, it can't look like that, right?...
Honestly, it’s no fun
Is this a mortal sin? How conscientious have they lived? Really. pathetic...
Since the drama failed, let’s enlist now ㅠㅠ
It's pretty~!! Hyorin’s old photos are amazing~ hahaha
Korean women should clean at home. Don't go out and do it. Haha. I want to cum with my sanitary pad.
The subtitles are not cute at all, and the pronunciation is not cute, but they deliberately wrote them and told them to use them. They did this and stopped using subtitles, whether it's a buzzword or something. It's a family show, but why does it say English when it first appears, and the American flag appears, and it should be like there's no VJ, so stop accepting it.
Park Han-byul must be feeling very sad. I can't believe her husband is that kind of person....,
7 BTS members were crushed by Kang Daniel
Oh man.. If you are old, please understand the topic.. How can you be judged on this subject if you can’t even act lol?
Because I'm talented, I also meet younger men. Haha. Do you think feminists don't like Gaejeossi but like younger men? Younger men say they like you?
Broadcasting companies also have a lot of enemies. It would be nice if they overturned it when the government changes. Celebrities who are honest, never get into trouble, and are good-natured don't get cast on broadcasts. Why is that?? Those bastards from PD and broadcasting say they are the same thing haha.
Seo Ye-ji has perfectly established herself as a leading female lead through the successive successes of “Save Me - Lawless Lawyer” as the female lead, but isn’t Kim Soo-hyun, who is out of fashion, putting the brakes on her trendy progress?
The warmth of the dead remains
It's surprising that I didn't delete KakaoTalk from 2014 and kept it until now. Since I started collecting it, Mr. Jang was blown away.
