
Please don't publish articles like this.
Even though I'm eating TV and getting a massage for the camera, my face... ㅜㅜ I recognize my body haha.
Hey, don’t disgrace the man.
It is difficult to obtain evidence for sexual crimes. The victim's testimony is the majority of the evidence. If you have a brain, isn't it easy to think about the situation and think that it would be difficult to come up with evidence? Unless your brain is made of beef jerky
Choi Jong-beom didn't kill him, so why all the fuss? If you like each other and are dating, you should resolve any problems with each other. Anyway, everyone came here.
Women are really jealous lol.
Wow, that face used to be a fairy?? TWICE Nayeon is prettier
In Ocean, Lee Hyun was a pretty and handsome member hahaha I really liked the song 24/7 and congratulations!
The two of us are so excited
Phew... this is how I feel... can my family bear it?
Women are my style and I want to steal them
I would like to see. And congratulations
no mother
Hmm.......just do it in moderation.
Put Crazy Whale on the show. Honestly, Seo Hyun-jin should appear.
It's childish ㅠㅠ
What kind of girl is this? Her personality is so damn good haha.
I hope these two fry don't come out. I really hate being an asshole...
I used to get mad every time I saw people getting hit on by idiots in Hogu's Love, but seeing this article made me happy.
Wow, Park Bom’s mentality is shit.
Do you have a double for the bad scenes? Maybe they do bad scenes because they can't relieve their desires... Touching anyone... All humans have bodies that can't help but feel instinctively, but instinctive feelings aren't acting, right?
It's a total mess...
What if the acting is half-baked? If it’s pretty, it’s the best.. hahahaha.
So pretty Lee Young-ae
Hyeonmu... throw it away
The face is scary ㅜㅜ
Korean girls don't even think about their level. It's disgusting. If you want to live a life that pleases everyone, there has to be at least a 20-year age gap between them. If you meet a husband who makes a lot of money, you should be grateful. The idea of ​​giving one more when you fill it is disgusting.
It’s dirty because you’re a man??? Go to a coffee shop during the day. The ladies gather together and talk scary stories about men. Isn’t that dirty??? It's not a man or a woman, it's dirty, so don't curse at me.
It's so fun and healing.
Tony Stark >>>>>>>>>> BTS
They are the ones who did it. Who pushed them on their backs? Don't ever come out. I don't even want to look at them. Those who look at public opinion.. They will say that they lived behind public opinion like a fox. Get punished and reflect on yourself.
Why is it okay for Joon-young to meet Inspector Min, but what does it mean to meet Ho-cheol, whom Young-jae has been chasing... I think it's the same situation... Inspector Min didn't confess to Young-jae, and Young-jae wasn't angry when he saw the two of them at the hospital.
I was shocked to see Kang Daniel getting caught by the hair. It would be over if I just ranked him as the best. All kinds of aggro people were excited and rushed at him.
I didn't divorce for nothing. It was out of spite.
Don't beg for anything from manipulative SM shows or other TV shows, take Jeon Hyun-moo with you and go away. Inyo or you, you beg as a guest on manipulative shows and get away with Jeon Hyun-moo, you scoundrels^^ ♡♡♡♡
Is B selling her body at a bar cool? lol
Jeon Ji-hyun said she would like to create a foundation in the future. She is a person who dreams of living a much more giving life. The reason she has maintained such a big star status for 20 years is because she has a healthy life direction and does not care about what netizens say.
Do you think they are a good match?
Spray it hot~~ Meanwhile, you look handsome..
Good luck Lee Soo Geun~~~~
The mountains are nice.
Relapse Yoo Jae-seok and Park Myung-soo, get out. It was really fun. Yoo Jae-seok, who always picks up other people's comments and is boring. Park Myung-soo was funny even with his appearance, but now that he has his hair done and decorated, it is completely boring. Moreover, there is no tact or passion.
What's wrong with my son....Microdot is not at fault.
Our jjimni is so great
It doesn't matter whether you wear a bra or not. However, if you are wearing such flashy clothes, who would not take a quick glance? And if you say you don't like eye rape, what on earth are you going to do? I guess I should live on a desert island
He is a person with such influence that he sold 1.2 billion won worth in 3 days. Why is everyone making fun of me? If you don't know much, you shouldn't speak carelessly.
Ham So-won is so pretty~~ I’m meeting a pretty baby soon! Have a safe delivery~
Yuk Jong-wan is a really bad guy. He has no loyalty. Isn't it a deception to pretend to be a good guy just because he's taking a cut of his income?
Haha Shiroma Miru, from the one that didn't work, it was a masterpiece.
I don’t think X1’s popularity or recognition is even 1/20th of Wanna One. The members are not attractive.
Why is it that Yui is good at everything? There are a lot of negative comments on Yui's articles. Personally, I really like Yui. If she continues to do well in the future, Yui will be better than Suzy.
It suits you well. I like Hyejin while watching the walk alone.
Honestly, I’m jealous that you got married well.
The leggings sold out so I became an official model for Adidas, and other products sold out a lot, so I'm maintaining 8 personal ads. I heard they filmed it again at the beginning of this year. What's the fuss about not working? Haha. You're saying that kids who can't be celebrities are getting hate comments, right? If it goes well, I can't help but rave about it to other celebrities^^
Ji Jin-hee's acting is not good ㅠㅠ
When I insisted on your center, I couldn't express the absurdity in words.
It's all your own karma. Kim Gu-ra gave me that advice. Be happy now.
Even if you have a lot of money, it all ends up running out.
really cool
He sings really well and his sincerity shows. Cheering♡♡♡
Kang Su-ji is crazy
Wow, it’s pretty, Autumn Studio.
This person was so boring yesterday~~ㅠ
If I leave it alone, what will happen? Let me live well~~~ Just a little bit
I'm sorry because I only had one night stand with you, but my wife is rich.
It's really funny. When they actually asked me to come out, one of the members, Yukigaki, was the problem, and recently, another member caused a problem, and the image of the previous one was washed. The new one is a bitch.
Reporter, honestly, those front and back photos are on KakaoTalk among most photos of Korean women.
Is it good for a voluntary childless couple? They say that the older you get, the happier you are with children.
I live in a losing palace while not paying my employees wages.
Did you edit while drinking to fire the guy who edits at a broadcasting company? You can’t even put this good material on the table, tsk tsk.
A singer who came out of obscurity through Miss Trot sings Korean traditional music at a concert. Why don't you just sing traditional Korean music? Gugak is a bit weak.
and !! Everyone except my father lived together at my in-laws' house. Oh my god!! Haha, it was a complete sitcom while watching. I think it's possible because everyone has good personalities. There are a lot of dogs. Haha I hope your mother-in-law gets well soon.
You may not know. It's like KakaoTalk, but even if you get married, you won't know. I've experienced it.
Wanna One should come out. .
I don't want to let go yet. Please pay for your sins and come back on TV and do good things. I'll be waiting for you.
I don't know who it is, but these days, a lot of girl group singers are wearing it..
Are you the right prodigy? Is this a Super Junior remake stage? He has a prodigy body.
Ugh, the comment smells like menstrual worms. It must be leaking blood. Ugh.
The sexy look suited her well when it was new, but this concept is a bit disappointing haha, but she's still pretty.
If you hit and run while driving without a license and are given leniency, the court will say OOO.
I heard that lesbians are instigating the abolition?
The comments are fucking conservative, but why is the current government left-wing? Park Geun-hye was wrong.
Snow itself is correction, so what are you talking about? Of course Ko So-young is pretty ^^^^^^
Jason's friends also come and create thumb lines. It's not fun. Painting is no fun. Those at the broadcasting station who don't notice.
Why are you doing this program? What do you want to show? How many people work in a cafe like that? It's hard to imagine in real life!! I wonder if it's rude to the people who really make their living...
The grandmother actor is a face often seen on TV... It would have been different if she had been a new face.
He looked a lot older, but I was surprised to hear that he was Kangta oppa.
Park Min-young... there's a scandal every time she films a drama
Maybe my expectations were too high... It was a little worse than I thought... The fight scene felt too short in the 3 hour running time.
No ㅡㅡㅋㅋHave you given anything to this person? You know, I'm living well after having a baby. If you're going to say something rude, just buy me at least one diaper for the baby.
A person who went beyond the limits of the law and committed a crime against another person has no right to be questioned about such things.
In Korea, paternal and maternal love are greatly overestimated. The very act of giving birth to a child is a sin against that child. Since you gave birth, it is natural to continue to take responsibility.
See you in the drama. I was a fan of Heart Signal. Cheer up.
It's not that good~
Of course, celebrities and athletes should be filtered out.
You get into a swearing battle with a kid who is punishing you, and then you whine about which one, and then you are a sloppy bastard who makes a kid first,,, go to your neighborhood's evil bastard and spread some gwamegi,,, lol.
A splendid beauty that captivates those who see it, an overwhelming thing that is unrivaled and unapproachable♡
As a huge fan of Waikiki, I can see that Kim Jung-hyun is trying to shed his comical image. I should praise him as an actor. Why are Seohyun fans so damn right?
I wanted to see a romance between two people, but I hope not...
It's not like you're trying to get along, so stop and make a donation.
As for the reporter who wrote this article, I read this article today after having a dinner with my bosses and having a drink, but... I guess I'm too drunk to understand it, but I just can't understand the article.
Wow, you’re so childish.
Goodbye~ I will remember you as a great actor.
Hong Jin-young, the daughter of Jeolla-do.
Song Ga-in, national treasure singer~~the best
Well, if an idol explodes, the ripple effect will be big.
There are many more talented, prettier, and better actresses than her, so why do they keep appearing as lead roles in dramas?
They don't suit each other~ Even if they met, they would have been window lovers~~ If they wanted to get married, they would have done it right away~~ They are both foxes~~
You'll be angry and irritated, your heart will be hurt.. The end is long.. Well, how much damage has been done?
Oh, you're really pretty~~
It's finally coming back ㅠㅠ I've been waiting for it ㅠㅠ
Thank you for your hard work. I respect you, sister. Of course, it would have been supported by my parents’ financial resources. Still, there are a lot of kids who go abroad and play instead of studying.
good job. Appoint them as condom ambassadors.
I understand that no matter how much you are a public figure, you have to be more careful about your actions, but do you have to get the public's permission to even get plastic surgery for any reason? Phew, you must be really tired, Goo Hara.
There must be a reason. Should the writer write with your words in it? Why are there such viewers??
It is a poem that Pidi and Burin are encouraged by the horses of the Zombie Survey Baek Jong -won.
If you're Jung Joon-young's best friend, I'll know without you having to say anything.
I'm not tall enough to be over 180, but I'm suspicious of guys over 78 to 79,180. I don't have any doubts, but my proportions are good and I look tall.
My husband and in-laws who have waited for me for a long time... they are truly amazing.
Your daughter looks really attractive~~ I think she will grow up to be a model.
It's a hassle and all, but these days, that drip is fucking fun. Let's go listen to MC Moo-hyun's song.
An actress who is good at acting and is aging gracefully. Does your mother still play the role of a manager? It seems like she has one personality,,,
Wherever you go, disaster is a problem.
Whew!!! Choi Soo-jong's awkward acting is pathetic. The writer is a poor quality drama. Disappointing.
I am someone who listened to Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter on tape again and again. Rest in peace in a place without pain.
You sound regretful, you lost the case
Hello~~~ It's just a man getting bored and wanting to abandon the woman~~ Everyone, why are you like this like people who have never been married~~
I hope Yoo Seungjun dies too.
I liked Park Na-rae and Jeon Hyun-moo. It seemed that way to me... When I was doing it alone... I don't know now.
Still, I'm glad that an impersonator who is just like the sea won this season. In the past, the emphasis was on singing rather than impersonation, so there was an unexpected winner...
You seem to be so angry inside, you have a child and have become parents, so please respect and be considerate of each other. We can't do this without this. Looking at the screen, you seem to be embarrassed and ask why I did this.
I haven't watched a drama since Lee Jong-seok's Han Hyo-joo drama. Was it 2 years ago?? It was a bit refreshing. But who on earth watches this opening drama? It's only perverts who watch it. Normal people change the channel.
Even though Hyuna has a boyfriend, those lips belong to her fans, not her boyfriend. Who can do the treatment at will? If it reaches the level of Hyuna, it is a public good. That's why privacy management similar to that of a public figure is required.
Henry Nojam
YG really has a taste for food..He treats trainees like objects.
I apologized, so just shut up and stop. Being lenient towards men who are prostitutes
If it's too dry, it hurts a lot when you do it ㅠㅜ
Honey~~ Most of the people who came out divorced, but so did this couple...
There is a high possibility that the broadcasting station guys are trying to organize it.
Meanwhile, there was no mention of Park Soo-hong. Was he busy? Cheer up Cody. May the souls of the deceased refrain
At this time, I'm busy criticizing these old beggars who have a lot of money because they are rich and young. LOL, life is miserable.
Why does he always donate to Japan??? Why is that so? Did he only make money in Japan?
Just get off
I worked 14 hours a day at an American restaurant and then some Korean guys made me a rich building owner.
Yoo Si-chun's son's drug-related hair and blood tests were all negative, but they say he's guilty... Now, our country's courts even manipulate evidence. thief
A woman wearing an iron mask with a clown sticking out? It's called Gaena Sona Solo.
You look like your dad
How can Song Joong-ki, who is so old and so old, be so pure? Hahahaha. Again, with some unclear content, he just grabs a female celebrity by the hair, right?
His occupation is the public. Is this person also an alchemist who turns rice into a nucleus?
My impression is a bit... She's pretty, but she's at the top ten level, so my impression is a bit cheap. It might be a prejudice, but after living my life, I feel that people live according to their appearance, so I can't ignore their impressions... In most cases, it will be difficult to match their personalities.
I don't support him. Lee Yong-jin looks too arrogant. There are always kids around me with baseless confidence like Yong-jin. I sincerely throw a tantrum when I see kids like that. When Yong-jin meets me, I get a really hard punch in the solar plexus. Look forward to it.
They even posted an apology saying what was their mistake lol. If it were a man, no fire would have happened and they would have just been buried, but if a woman just breathes, it's okay. Isn't this still an offense against women? ^^
So why are you going to the inn? Are you going to report me to my ex-girlfriend who went to the motel?
I don't know why I like him... I dislike him so much... After seeing I Live Alone, I dislike him even more.
Is Jannabi also from Jeolla-do? Comments?
They really look alike, so cute
Is Yoo Hee-yeol's Sketchbook doing anything these days?
Actors, please reflect. Teacher Jo Min-ki showed a variety of acting skills in her real life as well. This time, she just played a sexual harasser. End-of-year acting award winner~~
Now that I think about it, they didn't voluntarily ask about their daily lives, but they reported it one by one and said that skipping meals was something of an emergency so they kept it private.
Are you dispatched to the kitchen?
Kim Hak-rae is the victim.
Jo Yeo-jeong's acting was the best.
With the rise of Moon Jae-in, the media is even more prone to fabricating unofficial news, losing trust and becoming trash.
But isn't it dangerous even if she gets pregnant? I think it could be dangerous for the mother.
Still, I think it would have been better if you showed mercy, Seolhyun...
This drama is so fun. Kim Ha-kyung’s acting is really good.
Yoon Si-yoon is also best friends with Jun-young. Why don’t you investigate?
If E'Dawn becomes popular, Hyuna will definitely be abandoned.
December or January are the busiest months for weddings, but May is the off-season because it is summer.
Don’t kill people because of malicious comments again, humans.
Why do you keep broadcasting drunk drivers?
It looks good right now. Don't overdo it. Just diet as much as you can~~ Hong Yun-hwa, fighting hahaha
I wish rich wives wouldn't do things like this.
I don't think it's malicious, but it's only a malicious comment if there's swearing or an abusive comment. Is something abstract like that a malicious comment?
Please, please, don't worry about celebrities, female bloggers, and just live your life.
I feel like I'm putting too much pressure on Michael, who doesn't know Korean food, and I'm starting to hate watching it more and more. It would have been better if he showed the warmth of Korea by teaching him gently, but I think Kim Soo-mi is pushing him too hard.
Would Shin Dong-wook have acted to cause an article like this to come out at a time when he was overcoming a difficult past and making a comeback? The truth must be revealed, but is it just my opinion that my grandfather's media play is ruining my grandson?
I'm sorry, but I just look like someone who has had plastic surgery. What is that? No matter how much I want to become prettier, my desire to become prettier is endless... Will I still have the image of my parents? Well...you look immature. They say plastic surgery is an addiction...but it's a bit harsh.
Song Yunhyeong is such a handsome man hahahaha Daisy is the only bird ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Pentagon's E'Dawn is the man haha
To commemorate my retirement, I have to go make porn videos,,, lol. The final means of livelihood for Japanese bitches in the entertainment industry is porn,,, lol.
Just live in Japan. Change your nationality.
They come to rob empty houses when Mudo is not there. As soon as Mudo comes back, it will turn over in 0.0000000003 seconds.
Marry Minsu Yoon ㄱ ㄱ
I was an idol in middle school haha.
I watched the broadcast yesterday and it seemed like he looked more likable than Jung Hae-in.
I'll have to cut off this baby's milk. As a parent raising an underage child, I am scared to see my child and I hate seeing dirty comments.
Wow, Actor Ko’s acting is really ㅜㅜ Wow, it gives me goosebumps.
Jo Deok-je is trash... If he sexually harassed me, he should live quietly with a remorseful heart, but he only thinks about getting away like a loach with fake evidence.
I support San Yi
We are reporting on celebrity Kim Tae-hee, a student at Seoul National University. Kim Tae-hee should die as she makes money by developing strange machines, but also causes mental illness and does not guarantee privacy.
Oh my gosh, Sully, you should have held Jesus’ hand. The Goblin music video was really weird. Why do you keep staying in the den of this strange satanic worship company?ㅠㅠㅠㅡㅜ
Wife's Taste, Everyday Convenience Food
I don't know why I'm meeting a Korean woman... Ha, seriously, aren't Japanese women really the best...
Is Seo-eon and Seo-jun Kim Hyun-soo's son?? LOL They look so much alike LOL
Who are these bastards? Even ordinary people get paid to write articles these days??...Is this a country??...
It's a pity ㅠㅠ I lost my bodhisattva husband ㅠ
Those who criticize... then what should I do... should I just ignore it? If you write about good diplomatic methods, I will be able to relate to the article... ㅠㅠ
I don't know who you are, but I hope you are a supporter of the left-wing Democratic Party.
Casting...what...it's not fun...I changed the channel after watching Han Go-eun's So Yi-hyun!! It looks like she'll be leaving in a few weeks.
Lee Seong-wook's photo was posted earlier, and he looks like he's about to burst out in tears.
Fuha... not 1st... 8th... let alone a law school graduate... not even admitted... I applied on a rolling basis... I didn't even get accepted... I didn't get accepted... LOL What should I do... Sing? Be first.. I’ll admit it..
The girls are so jealous. Except for one person, all of IZ*ONE deserved to be chosen because they had outstanding looks. Do you know who that one person is? Haha.
It's boring... I couldn't hear the dialogue, so I watched it on Netflix with subtitles turned on, but I couldn't watch it until episode 2.
I'm not saying that carelessly...
Even if you get divorced, I think it's a good idea to get married once.
The culprit is Kim Nam-joo.
If I do anything, they say I have panic disorder... whose dog's name is that?
Congratulations so much~♡ My favorite Yuri, stay happy forever!
I haven't seen Hwasa since she came out, but there's something about her that looks so... hmm.
Before Hyuna got the filler, she looked younger and pretty, but after her lips got puffed up, she looked like a typical face with a lot of plastic surgery. ㅜ Her face is just floating. Why is her pretty face so thin? Look at Park Bom, you can do that too later.
There are a lot of differing opinions...? Please change the title of the article. Gong Hyo-jin's acting is boring.. Some say it's natural.. Then I guess Gong Hyo-jin only chooses characters that she can act naturally every time.. When was Gongvelya...
Go away and die
I heard you were born strange...? Ever since I was young.? The fans who still support me are amazing.
This is not right ㅠㅠIt really makes sense. You are throwing away the woman who followed you all the way to Portugal??
Wow, you can get pregnant even though you are old, congratulations!!!
Abolition is the answer. We are so sensitive to the environment these days, but the places we used before are also a mess.
Why another program like this.... Oh my goodness
At first, when Kim Soo-mi appeared... I had a bad feeling... but... I changed the channel right away. Thanks to Lee Sang-min, I couldn't see it either.
I can't even sing at all... Should I keep trying distant music... The famous name is Las Duck...
He's a different person. How much did he fix it? He has an old face, but he also has breasts.
Isn’t it SE$ now Sea Eugene $hoo
If you're sick, you have to go to the hospital.. I don't trust just lying down in pain.
It's disgusting that it's a baby-making machine
I also have to thank the penguins, owls, and owls for calling me by their names.
IU is all good, but why does she choose this kind of work... Please stop making works that put old men and young women together.
Hwang Ji-hyun, Song Hye-kyo, Kang So-ra, Son Ye-jin
So, are you going to protect the country?
G.O. He looks younger than when he was in MBLAQ 10 years ago. Is it photoshop or hair removal?
The people who told us not to judge women based on their appearance were very excited hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, the level is so low that people who told us not to judge women based on their looks got really excited.
Is IU turning to the Reds now?
What do you think? Why is Na Gyeong-won sleeping? Let’s do it at home!
If Yunjin had long hair. It's so great
Nam Gyu-ri and Irene look so similar. Now that I see them, they look like sisters. So lovely.
Leave out the region of the person who commented below~~ I'm from Jeonju, and all Jeonju people are really noble people. Don't do it in a hurry.
Thank you~ Stop harassing people~
If you survey men's cell phones around the world, 95% of them are caught. Monk, pastor. include
It's a shame that Lee Seon-jeong suffered from airport paralysis. But these days, it seems like airport paralysis has become a celebrity's disease at some point... They say everyone suffers from airport paralysis....
There will be 8 bar girls at the wedding. The bride is the 9th person to enter. It is true that she drank with 8 people at the bar, and the bathroom will come out when the police investigate. Please file a complaint quickly. Unspoken
Men have to be capable to be in a woman's field of vision. They say men focus on specific areas, but women scan the whole thing.
The chef also agreed to be filmed, and even if I hadn't seen the previous broadcast, I would have heard the whole story... They say entertainment is just entertainment... but it was so hard to watch the whole broadcast... I changed the channel after watching it...
In the end, the winner is Fin.. Screw all you idiots in the head.. haha.
Lin was also good, but I think her skills were lacking compared to Solji. She deserved Solji's win. She believes that with Solji's current level of skill, she shouldn't even be able to join Lee Soo.
Don't be like that. Gary didn't commit a crime, and all the kids who did drugs are there. He may feel sorry for the Running Man members, but I don't think we can argue.....
Did I not learn it? I’m getting older.
He is compared to Lee Myung-bak too much.
Wow, I'm really looking forward to the Doppel Singer Song Festival hahahahaha I can't believe three of Gummy Lynn K.will's best friends will appear hahaha Also Park Mi-kyung Bada hahaha I'm looking forward to you too.
My mother was really kind. She's pretty even if she keeps things simple, but the way she dresses up makes her look like a rich mother. She doesn't have a lot of wrinkles for her age, and her skin is completely white. Just looking at her appearance, it seems like she didn't go through any trouble and just took care of herself.
I’m jealous of Jeon Hyun-moo. He could do it three times in a row.
Let’s support Kang Daniel♥️
My Jenny, fighting ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Don’t mind the comments.
I heard Jo In-seong farts a lot and the smell is strong.
I ate a Jeonradian a few years ago, and it smelled like poop in the mouth and the underside was like a skate~~ It smells so bad~~ Jeonradians always watch out for the back of their heads.
Who will you marry? I’m jealous of this peerless beauty.
If you're pretty, you deserve to meet a handsome guy haha.
Looking at the comments, Sung Yu-ri is still trending.
Is it true???? Isn’t the test result Gura??
The Shin Se-kyung variety show hidden camera incident and the broadcasting station guys are just as bad as hell.
If you look at the malicious comments, 90% of them are Korean women haha.
In the play, Jung Kyung-ho's father looks very similar to Ron Scabbers(?) Peter from Harry Potter.
It's disgusting.
Did you pay for the buffet?
What's the best groom? Graduated from Seoul National University? That's a thing of the past, and I don't even have any real standing yet.
ah. . .Don’t die. . There are a lot of celebrities who are trash. .Those guys. I have to die. . That's sad. .Rest in peace the deceased.
I'm just saying this because I don't like Lee Byung-hun, but in terms of acting, are the Kang Dong-won or Kim Nam-gil that the comments here are talking about worthy opponents? Even if Lee Byung-hun's personal life is different, his acting is on the same level as Song Kang-ho and Kim Yun-seok.
Han Ji-min is shining❤
Song Ga-in fighting!!!!
Do we need both sides of violence?
I just looked at some of the KakaoTalk content on Google, and if that content is true, what can I say, Kim Gun-mo is a professional woman, so it's a good thing? Or, what can I say, it's safe to say that all celebrities and even all capable men hang out like that.
To be honest, the Yang Ye-won incident on Subs is also biased against women... What's even funnier is that it was proven to be a mastermind behind the Yang Ye-won case, so no apology is given.
I'm sick of Solji
She's pretty, but what's the regret? Forget about it and meet a good person.
I hope you have half the personality of our Bangtan oppas, tsk tsk.
Still, it's nice to see you admit it.
Cheer up, a healthier and prettier angel will surely come to you!! I also experienced pain once before giving birth... To be honest, time is the cure. It will definitely come, so stay warm and take care of your health!
Actor Ji Chang-wook, please apologize for revealing his face. What kind of defeat is this for an actor who is just about to be discharged and return?
#MeToo's biggest victim Kim Saeng-min. I feel sorry for you.
A hot guy like Kim Jong-min can't date haha. Bad men are all the rage. Women like it when they punch powerfully, suck money, and swear twice. Haha. There are more than one woman who calls me when she's drunk because she can't forget the taste of her fist! Defeat it no matter what, beat it twice!
Am I the only one who feels like comedian Kim Kyung-min?
You guys are mad again hahaha
Even if you just read the text, it's cliche...you can't escape the feeling of a Japanese novel from the 70's...like a misfortune...
There are a lot of people who are horny and send out sexual harassment.
As expected, the woman is a gangster.
Capture comments from malicious commenters!! When Hyunya files a complaint against malicious commenters, I will attach it to the company bulletin board and post it!!! I hope she shines proudly on stage❤
I'm not siding with you, and I'm not a fan, but I have a strange feeling..?
Hey, don't be crazy, it's been 30 years now, that's bullshit...
Hasisi Park is so simple and charming. You look so fresh and pretty after seeing all the same faces with plastic surgery.
Shut up the right wing
There are really a lot of uncomfortable people in our country haha. In reality, they make money in one day that they can't make in a lifetime, so it makes me sick to compare their lives. Just think about your own lives. Haha, stop masturbating while talking about other men.
Smells like squid in a place that starts with Boja Gender characteristics: I'm excited to cast bojeokpo and am in a good mood, biting the pretty, young announcer
The more you lose weight, the more you'll get criticized... You'll feel ashamed.
Please continue with Kim Myung-min and Kim Hyun-joo. Such a pretty couple.
Even the girls sleep together and it’s disgusting.
I can't believe that a former Mormon missionary used Philopon...
Good bye~ I don't want to see you anymore
It looked like feminists would come to the funeral and shout for women's equality and cause a riot,,, but the feminists are quiet,,, lol.
Even when playing baseball, I make gestures like that to indicate that I will play as promised. Now, as long as I make that kind of hand gesture, I can see it at the same level as the article or the game.
It's a nice cut haha
Kim Hee-cheol's public interest leak
I overlap with Kim Soo-hyun...
Hana-kyung seemed somewhat unfair.
After all, we gave birth to children, raised them, and live like that. How our mothers in the past lived while raising their children and working in the fields... It's a life they chose, and there is more joy than hardship. Reporters, please stop spreading this and write articles about it.
There must be a lot of legacy left behind by your parents. Why do you keep trying to expose it to the media?
Those of you who can't have sex before marriage, why are you so angry that you end up tripping...
However, celebrities are victims because they do not have the right to veto. Therefore, please allow them to make a quick comeback.
I got kicked and got a Benz. Congratulations to Hyunmoo.
These haters are saying bullshit when they shamelessly ask their fans for something they don't want to do. Who wants to do it with the government’s money or to lend it to you?
I can't live in this life because I got hit by Jeong Hae-in. For the first time in my life, my actor Jung Hae-in, thank you and I love you❤️❤️❤️ Don’t make me wait too long for your next work.
Cube. What, how much money did Hyuna earn? She can't even make her blood boil in the entertainment industry. I didn't even commit a crime.
A must-have item for those in love with panic disorder.
Would it be sad if the next generation skate queen gets hurt?
The man has a lot of money? LOL
Kim Sarang is real love
The show never ends
Hey, he's a rookie haha, so he can make mistakes. IU is good at singing, but there was a time when Yoo Hee-yeol's sketchbook went out of tune. Anyway, everyone makes mistakes, but what on earth do people who are sarcastic about this have in their brains?
The pigs are going to be trembling again haha.
The comments are so disgusting.. They just say it's none of their business.. Put yourself in my shoes... Let's live with some thought.. The fact is that the production team did what they wanted.. It's easy to make a fool of one person!! Don't jump in the water...
Women are strange.. They criticize the woman who gave birth to and raised 9 children in a family with no money, but on the other hand, they also criticize the woman who marries into a wealthy family.. What should I do?
Pregnancy before marriage is largely the woman's fault for not being careful in advance.
B....Sungmoon Middle School was trash..
I knew it would be like this, but anyone who watched I Live Alone would know that it was false news, but Jannabi worked really hard and succeeded, so I was jealous for no reason.
Why does Kim In-kwon look so old? I thought you were in your 50s
What does it matter whether Isa Nam has a child or not? Do you want to give birth in a country like this? I will never give birth.
It's a shame that T-ara is a girl group... They have a lot of hit songs... The kids are pretty... They could have run longer if it wasn't for the bullying incident... Honestly, they were much better than Soshi...
I don't know much about it and people attack water gomtang restaurants, but I have a problem with Koreans being impatient.
The director is so important. I don't understand why they include so many supporting characters who aren't in the original and why the story is carried out so loosely.
Celebrity of the past...
There's an uproar because they can't catch what they said with good intentions.
Why is everyone disgusted when a comedian gets in shape?
But the taxes are too high
You seem to be a sensitive person who has trouble sleeping. Don't even look at malicious comments.
What is it? After hearing this...
Women 61%, people in their 30s 36% haha... Young husbands... never hand over financial rights to your wife. For capable men who are not yet married, I recommend international marriage... try targeting Japanese women...
Haha, Moon Jae-ang is now getting criticized by Park Myung-soo for doing this haha.
That person is sloppy even when explaining things ㅡㅡ
Let's take care of it. That's not a natural phenomenon. I'm at an age where I can manage it well. What is that about a male actor exposing himself to the public? If he were an actress, reporters would have praised him and then added the title. I'm truly solemn.
I have to be satisfied vicariously
Congratulations. But what was the charm of Gangnam that made Lee Sang-hwa decide to get married? Does anyone know?
Teacher Popeye, please stay healthy always. I love you.
Why does our country still use long-term wills when giving awards? It's true that Hyeja Kim is good at acting, but I don't think she's the target this time.
Wow, teacher, you’re still so classy.
Look at their strange faces. Do they still have the old TVXQ appearance? It’s the face of a typical old man who is consumed by alcohol, drugs, and women.
Pretty pretty haha
Youngja Lee donates all advertising appearance fees!! It's really cool and full of affection, I'm impressed.
Will I still be in contact with Yoon Eun-hye?
I know that Kang Daniel worked hard. There are a lot of loud rumors, but everyone who knows the truth knows it. How many of the people talking about this and that here are really fans? It's not my business anyway, so I'm just saying it easily.
I like the resurrection and Park Wan-gyu, but I really hate Kim Tae-won.
The people who feel entitlement in the comments here look like Hwasa.
There are many foreign workers in the entertainment industry..
It must cost a lot of money for Ahn Jae-hyun's agency. If only Goo Hye-sun's Instagram is available, articles should be posted at the top of Naver and comments should be released.. How much interest are people in these two people right now? There are so many Goo Hye-sun articles... Are they going to pile up all the negative comments as if they all came from somewhere?
The only thing that was wrong with Suzy was that she tried to help the poor person. Life is not a beautiful world. She is my daughter's age. It will leave her with a big heartache. The world is not clean, just like Suzy's heart. I will root for her to get it resolved.
I am proud to be a Korean actor.
I'm sorry, but physiognomically, I don't have a spouse. I'm just a widow who lives alone.
ㅉㅉ Anyway, Koreans are like this and blame others when things go wrong. Korea is a lifelong underdeveloped country. A representative example is Moon Jae-ang.
You don't score goals just because there's a goalkeeper? Japing, push through to the end, the people are cheering you on.
When I saw the video, I thought, “Oh, he looks like Minho!”...
A member of the same team can help out~~ From the perspective of fans who like Sechs Kies, it is very disappointing that the main singer is leaving.
This couple is going to divorce soon haha.
I am also 36 years old and my girlfriend is 26 years old and we are 10 years older than her. My girlfriend's mother is against it. Please support me.
National MC Gaza
It's a dog joke, make sure to check this out
Wow, this is a really bad example of public dating.
I guess Jang Nara is not getting married.
It's such a shame, the talent of actress Kim Min-hee...
It's frustrating that only Korea can't connect with people.
Park Seo-joon looks great, but Park Min-young is really pretty and her acting is so good that the female lead looks even brighter. I think I'm prettier than before.
Megalsteen did well.
Voice actor Park Il... I'm sad to hear the news so suddenly...
Melomance Chew Foam itself
Certainly, as a woman gets older, her value drops drastically. Most older female celebrities marry men whose objective indicators seem simple compared to when they were young and popular.
How do you guess by looking at the belly button?
Skip it all and just release Big Bang's songs.
You're so good at acting. Please take the path of becoming an actor in earnest...
It's over. Japanese people, go to Japan now.
The Moon Jae-in family should conduct a tax investigation on their daughter who moved abroad. How can a failing game company pay so much money by sending them to foreign international schools? This is nonsense. The Moon Jae-in family should first conduct a tax investigation starting with the government audit.
Is this a KBS weekend drama?
Sakura on the right, get out of Korea~
It's really sad and disgusting that women in their 30s impersonate Han Hye-jin and write malicious comments. Young women, don't be jealous. Hope you live a good life.
Why Running ‘Man’?? There are women, so why do they say they are men? It's a program that discriminates against women. Change it to Running 'People' haha.
It's not Lee Sang-bong, it's not Hong Seop-cheon. Love is forgotten by another love.
Who are you? ㅠㅠ What are you spending money on to spread articles like this? Are you just spending it on your honeymoon?
The people who called for a boycott of Japan are, of course, pigs and pigs.
The man has the money and the woman has the beauty, so it's a fair deal.
Bosing a male ratio in their 20s in their 20s ㅋㅋ ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋㅋㅋ
There are a lot of people who criticize Baek Jong-won, a person who runs a business among ordinary people.
These two seem like a match made in heaven~^^
Cancer families, cheer up! Hi!
Take a rest
Does that take away the fact that you committed misogyny?
I feel like I'm imitating it after watching Urban Fisherman, but ugh, it's fun even if I don't watch it.
I was worried when I found out that the factory was really for sale.
The acting was perfect!!!! I support you
If you're jealous, be honest and say you're jealous. They too can age gracefully like that... They don't exercise or work hard, so they get jealous for no reason...
The makjang was also very makjang. It seems like a drama that would have received a lot of criticism if a trendy producer like Joo Dong-min hadn't directed it. PD is a waste.
What's the difference in appearance fees between Jo Yeo-jeong and those people?
Oh Chang-seok and Lee Chae-eun are really so pretty. What should I do with my cheekbones and the corners of my mouth while watching it? Haha. Don't worry about the useless comments and just keep loving pretty! There are a lot more people cheering for you^^
Handsome and pretty... but actually not fun...
Kim Jeong-hoon Feeling bitten by a flower snake? It wasn't a planned pregnancy, so what on earth are you responsible for? Asking for a deposit under the pretext of a child? Funny Jjambbong
Fix it again like before. It looks more and more like a civilian.
Kim Shin-young is truly the best comedian haha.
Fact: Men like Sulli because she's pretty regardless of whether she looks sexy or not. The women cast Yeojeokyeo, thinking that Sulli was trying to get involved.
The criminal who soaks his feet again is so disgusting
Kim Jong-kook's image laundering and beautification broadcast.
You must be quite old, so let’s get married~
Miae is pretty
I'm an actor, but I'm a bit sick of it. Acting is always there... I'm literally the type of person who just works hard at work without any results.
I can’t believe this, I can’t believe it! Guriguri Yang Dong-geunㅋㅋ Congratulations haha
Hey guys, what you need to know is that even if you do everything you can to outline the eyes, nose, and mouth, you can still end up with a face that makes you think you've done it even with a heavy hit. Isn't that why you don't do it because you know it? I don’t think there will be much change even if I do that, right? So, when you have time to belittle others, at least take care of your body ^^
I feel like I'm out of luck now. Let's just abolish it. It's not fun to take care of the children of well-off families.
This is Jackie Chan's daughter's cut hairㅡ blonde girlfriend
Are Lim Chang-jeong's close friends? They know your family's situation very well haha. Please don't waste your life swearing and finding satisfaction somewhere else.
The members will be full after eating haha.
Just date*^^*♡
Han Ji-min + Nam Joo-hyuk are dazzling haha
Kangta looks handsome in person,,, what a mess.
What's wrong with the child? I just trusted my parents. I asked them on the phone and they said no, so it was my mistake to believe that and push them in.
This drama has a good ending, it's right, as expected from Jang Na-ra.
Nosebleeds, runny nose, I'm sick of posts like this.
Korea is indifferent. Please correct the article. I don’t even know who it is.
It's not a big amount, and I paid it back, but I was talking about it from the beginning of the broadcast. What is the point of touching it after it airs?
How dare you brag about remarrying... how shameless!
I'm the only one who's satisfied with the ending, but there were so many hardships and hardships in the middle that I almost dropped out. I watched it over and over again because of Princess Ari, but I think I'll remember it as a great movie thanks to the ending.
Haha, they said they're marrying a 20 year old at 41, so they recruited Kim Sae-ron, and she's a young world killer. Haha, is her cousin?
Both IZone and X1 need to disband.
Yoon Ji-oh's opponent will be Moon Jae-in. Can he win the case?
Kang Ho-dong is now a real hit~!!!!~????
Please, no matter who passed away, I hope they don't post about the fact that they died of a heart attack. I happen to see posts like this while on the internet, and my panic disorder gets worse.. It's annoying.. I'm also annoyed and frustrated with myself for getting angry at things like this.
Your mother-in-law experienced this too and it will be passed down to you haha. You will also become a mother-in-law with the same experience haha. You only know one thing and don't know the other haha ​​kimchi girls.
It seems like he didn't just lose weight...I thought who he was on TV.
I hope the two of you do well~~~~I’m anxiously waiting for good news~^^
I can't confirm if it's true that you're talking about the 90's now.
Since I was young, I've been very concerned about taking care of my body, so my head may be like a stone, so please pay attention to your studies as well.
Defeat the program ㅇㅇ
Now that the Moon Jae-in administration is in power, who would want to make a living as a celebrity? At the time of Geun-hye Myung-bak, there was an uproar that Geun-hye Myung-bak was drinking water, but the brains of the real leftists were imagined to have been pierced by mad cow disease.
Beautiful mothers and sons ㅠㅠㅠ
I don't know anything else and it's not fun. Lee Sang-min doesn't have a smile on his face and he just blankly stares or does a cry rap.
How difficult is it for the victims right now?
I'm sure it wasn't made from Hongja.
What are you doing?
All 6 people were good, but Moon Hee-jun was the most popular and made a lot of money.
But did San E confirm every word on the back screen of the stage?
Who is...the actor? Are you a singer??
Je-dong, please get out of here.
Let’s start by checking the punishment standards for gambling. It is habitual and expensive. How much money and how often? Applies based on income. But is giving it back to a bet just for fun a morally questionable form of gambling?!!! Give it back to 2 Days & 1 Night right now!!!!!
It's so pretty ㅠㅠㅠ What's wrong with a person's facial features?
I'm sure women like to vote. I see they've been sucking on this show for 4 years. Haha, but they're good at electing presidents, right?
The people who leave messages of support for Hong Seok-cheon are so pretentious.
It's so fun~~
At least it’s better than black.. haha
A woman should meet a man who is at least the same age as her Chinese zodiac sign and live a quiet life. If the man goes to heaven first, she should reflect on herself, saying it was her fault, and remain alone until she dies.
Normally, when making a promise hand shape, only the little finger is spread out. Who would spread the thumb like that and use it as a shield?
Baek Jong-won, it was your fault... In the first place, you should have let the damn house fall into ruin... What can you do to save it? Because of you, more people are suffering.
It's quite a celebrity disease.
Such a sow!! Even when you act, don’t you think about your genitals and get wet??
I'm betting my life on you saying you did it! Is it bad to do it?! It's bad to lie!
If Hyuna did that, people would criticize her, but people say Hwasa is cool. When you see Hwasa, she also commercializes herself. I know this from the time she kept pulling up her pants during a sports day in I Live Alone, showing off her important parts.
Please grab the victory quickly, it feels like it will appear in my dreams.
If they lose 3 times, the filming will end. It looks like they will lose a job, so of course they will do it desperately.
We are trying so hard.. Even Yoona is using it to save a program that is wasting radio waves.. Oh my, Yoona.. Shut down that trash program that is the worst since Three Leaf Clover..
It's really nice to see
I feel so sad and pitiful for this baby..ㅠㅠ..Please don’t be discouraged because you don’t have parents and grow up well..ㅠㅠ
I need to watch this at least once. I thought it was better not to watch Ji-hye Han than to hear her breathing. It was boring, but I'm looking forward to it because it's written by Kim Jeong-soo.
Let’s make it clear what Moon Jae-Ang is trying to cover up by exposing celebrities.
For some reason, it feels like a loveless marriage.
I don't like Jihyo. I don't like Uigeon meeting Jihyo. I'm upset. It's really not my concern. Niel, don't be like that..
To be honest, I'm old haha. Who's going to buy used items that will never be sold again?
That's pretty. Geon-mo, huh. She's a virgin. Let's live with the young and fresh girl first. After that, I think she'll accept me. Person, occupation, and I'll make enough money to spend some money. Hang.
To begin with, Playing with Fire is a trash song
Hmm.. It seems like things haven't been any fun since the two started dating.. right????
Why is it your mother’s last name?
Did I miss out on doing something else? It seems a little different haha.
Pigs are forever pigs
I can't believe I had to watch this 6 times...
It's just fun, but why are there so many complaints?
The ancestors committed many sins, so the descendants commit murder and die.
Really congratulations~~
That's not important, so why are you getting all worked up about the wrong thing? The problem lies with the CEO of your company and the bullies. I don't care whether the dog is a trainee at your company or not.
That expression is boring.. mouth open.. and the wedding photo is also like that..
Amy.. it seems so strange..
What I don't understand is that there are more than one person in the entertainment industry who is close to Seungri, so why are they criticizing him? If you think about it that way, shouldn't there be hundreds of people who deserve to be criticized??
I don't know if this woman paid back the money, 30 million won.
It’s pretty so let’s take a look~~!!!!!
I don’t think it will work for Sunmi. Still cheering.
I'm jealous. It's true that women are young and pretty.
This guy is unheard of - is he the main article since morning?? Does it matter whether I remarry or not?? But the comments aren't that great either... Are you pushing me!!!??
If you're going to donate, you can do it as quietly as you want. There's no reason to point fingers at each other. It's just because they are official servants haha.
I saw the devil, the scene of him eating human flesh was impressive.
Shin Seong-il has a post-Korean mindset... This person is not in the wrong era, but in the wrong zone...
On Yu-ri is not the vice president's daughter but his mistress, but is it true that she called her daughter because it was discovered?????
Looks like Yuna Kim when she was young
Kim Na-young said she was rooting for the pity of those who couldn't live as well as the grime of her toenails. I feel sorry for you even more. Take care of your life in the gutter. Haha.
It somehow feels like a show...
If you want to have a healthy child, I think it would be better to give birth when you are young and live alone as a married couple when you are older.
It's a shame, I wanted to see more political satire.
I divorced a man because he cheated. It just looks like he's cheating. Or should I just endure it?
Honestly, I'm ugly... on the topic of black people
After all, hip-hop is a genre that cannot be separated from drugs. That's how YG is responsible for Korea's over-hip hop, and the rest are making groups of girl bodengs, sweating and shaking, and there's no change in the entertainment companies that eat up Korean music. It's going to be hard because the law is the law, but everyone, cheer up, YG!
premie?? Is this true? lol
Wow, seeing this news gives me strength again. I'm going to confess right away.
At first, I felt sorry for him and thought that he would have many thoughts because he was in puberty, but now I am so tired of it that I want to tell the stars and the moon to take care of themselves.
Check out Lee Sang-Yoona’s drama reaction, right? stop smoking
Joy needs to stop acting now. She doesn't seem to have any talent and her visuals are lacking.
It was unrivaled number one among the dramas I watched recently. The content, the acting skills of the actors, and especially the cider given by director Baek Seung-soo were thrilling in every episode.
You've been active a lot secretly. Goodbye~~
The reporter who writes like this is a true reporter!! She is the same age as me, but I have a child and live happily, and Jinri goes away without even knowing how happy it is to raise a child without being able to get married..ㅠㅠ May the deceased rest in peace.
He looks old.. he doesn't look like a boy anymore.. I'd rather grow up..
What kind of legal response is the buzzword?
Just reading the article made me tear up. In my life, I have never had a single teacher speak with such sincerity. Everyone was a private teacher, and at that time there was a lot of talk about money envelopes.
What if it's the same sex? What if it's older than you? They say they like each other, but let's not waste energy on unnecessary things. It's making me cold, so let's worry about the vulnerable and abandoned animals.
But when I see unfriendly part-time workers, I want to hit them.
Are you two dating?
I feel like I'm out of my mind. I think he's also close with the YG guys...
Yoo Jae-seok's entertainment shows aren't even in the top 10 lol Hey, I feel good~
Seungri retired, so don't criticize YG. If YG lets Blackpink enter the Billboard and Song Mino's Kang's Restaurant starts again, let's become a popular entertainment show.
In Seoul, there is no need for additional points for subscriptions of 84 square meters or more. You have to have at least 700 to 800 million won in cash before you can even think about it. It encourages speculation!!!
So, did you see the reason for divorce?? LOL That's why they're single women...
Since the real test was revealed, I wondered if a new milk product had been released. Who is Aoi Milk again?
I hope you meet someone who is like a malicious commenter and a turtle.
I like Lee Guk-joo... haha
No matter how you look at her, she doesn't feel like a woman. She is not attractive as a member of the opposite sex. Face, body, personality... I'm not attracted to them all.
Oh, one article says it's about school violence, and this article says it's false, but what's true ㅡㅡ
Is it okay to reveal your weight?
Even if you look young on the outside, you've grown on the inside, right?
Honestly, it's not fun. I only watch it when Song Joong-ki is in it. I probably wouldn't have watched it if Song Hye-kyo had appeared.
Are you an idol again?
No, we are discussing renewing our contract with KAIST.
Yes, I'm really enjoying it~ The drama starring Lee Sang-woo and So-yeon is beyond fun, it's a lot of fun~
Hahaha why do women swear in the first place? Isn’t it because of sexual commercialization? In the comments on that article, there are sexual harassment coming from the Hannams. As long as they don't do that kind of trashy thing, they won't be criticized for commercializing sex. They don't know that they are being criticized because of the Hannams, but they just say they're sexual harassment.
No, it's not Yoon Ji-sung haha. If Yoon Ji-sung's agency asked her to do it and manipulated her in the first place, it's normal for Yoon Ji-sung to remain with that agency until the end, but she left as soon as her contract ended.
Oh, it's really engai. If there's no one around, you can sit down. It's literally a consideration seat. If there's a pregnant woman, you just have to get out of the way.
Isn’t this Lee Bon-sook!
It's only natural
No, 4 people is enough, so why call a guest? I'm already losing my appetite ㅠㅠ
Song Ji-hyo is crazy and looks like a bullfrog...
Isn't Lee Sang-min's debt collector character over now? Stop pretending to be pitiful. Jeok Shiki gave a good tip to debt collectors. Tak Jae-hoon just lives by flirting with women. Why does Kim Soo-mi appear so many times? What is the concept of a cursing old woman?
I believe in you. I'll see you in a healthier state than before. Fighting, great Heo Ji-woong!
Iron Man Natasha Leather Dani KThor Run Away Still Leaves a Strong Feeling
Also, is Kosre the unique victim of Jeolla-do skates? As for the Tiara twin skates, it turns out that not only are they the skaters who are the perpetrators, but if the Jeolla-do skates approach as close friends, they are planning to kill them, so they say they should be beaten with the same skate-catching club that General Chun Doo-hwan used on the 5.18...
Now is not the time to be watching dramas. There is a topic that exposes reality more than 82kg Kim Ji-young. You must see it. Link: https://m.ilbe.com/view/11207994540
It may have been 100% hidden while taking orders from Kim Seong-joo, but Jo Bo-ah has already said it all with her facial expressions haha.
They say it's cancer, but you're fine?
How about investing in Burning Sun to do something like this?
If you worked hard, made money, went abroad and made Korea's name known, that would be fine. Don't you make mistakes? Before you curse in the comments, do it yourself
Please explain the controversy
The name sounds like shit
Oh, it's not a big deal for people with mental illness to take drugs, right? If you have a mental illness, you don't have to go to the military, and even if you commit violent rape and murder, your sentence will be commuted^^ You're a government official, right??
ㅇㅇIt doesn’t matter whether it hurts or not, it doesn’t change that I dislike it haha.
Is it a sin to self-reflect? Lee Si-eon has been crossing the line and being rude since last year's awards ceremony.
Ugh, I'd like to spread the word about this obvious noise marketing, but I'll tell parents to just refer to it when they see it.
Lee Young-ja, are you happy that Park Na-rae took away the grand prize? What's the point of eating like a pig? Pay off your debt. Tsk tsk
Divorce is a very important thing these days~ Here again, maybe Lee Sang-ah. Hwang Eun-jeong <- Women like this will appear. From men's point of view, if you just avoid women who blame others like this, half of your life will be a success!
Why are there so many criticisms... People aren't really interested, but reporters are making a fuss.
When a woman gains weight, her personality becomes violent.
She said she would eat well and live well as a single person, but she threw away her husband just because he had an accident. Ugh.
Why are you posting malicious comments about Kim Ji-seok and Hong Jin-young? I don't understand. Don't look if you don't want to see it. Even if you don't want to see it, I like Hong Ji-mae. Hong Seon-young is very talented and funny, but her smile is so cute and innocent. I want to keep seeing her.
Just buy an island somewhere, create communism, and live while embracing dentures.
A right-wing bitch who believes and filters
Haha, if Jang Tae-jun killed him, there is no reason for season 2. Level of deep-rooted corruption = Jang Tae-jun (the highest level of deep-rooted corruption) >>> Song Hee-seop (deep-rooted corruption) > Elijah Lee (deep-rooted corruption pretending to be righteous) Hogu level = Rep. Lee Seong-min > Kangwon’s aide > Do-kyung Han (to the point of stupidity) A stuffy brat who is only nice)
It reminds me of eating human meat.
I have fun with you, and I enjoy bickering with you. Why are you doing this?
Still, you, the one who put me down, are the winner.
Comments When I look at the gender ratio and age range, I get goosebumps. These ladies in their 30s and 40s have nothing to do after eating, so it seems their hobby is to criticize celebrities.
So, don't watch TV with your child. When he was young, he appeared on a program and threw the baby on the baby's bed. The reporter was shocked and asked why he threw the baby like that, but he smiled brightly.
70% of comments are from women. That needs to be made real, not edited, so it becomes a basis for attacking Kimchi girls' husbands and in-laws.
I was really young after watching the broadcast and said there was a lot to learn, but when I actually saw it at a convenience store near the filming location, there were 4 things that surprised me... I was really surprised because it was so different from the broadcast.
What about the patient who ignored the doctor's advice and acted?
I haven't heard anything about going to America, getting married, and living there. I'm not even a top star on live broadcasts.
You are brave and cool at that age~
Shin Soo-ji is so pretty, but I’m jealous of her face and body.
What did you do to a person to end up in that state? Does this country have no human rights? Junyoung oppa, who was fine just a few days ago, has become such a bastard, his eyes blurry and timid, that I suspect he may have been assaulted... Please don't treat him too harshly.
Anyway, there's nothing to feel sorry for Ahn Jae-hyun. It's Ahn Jae-hyun who made Ku Hye-sun like that.
Stop being territorial with Lee Seung Gi.
Isn’t Kim Bomi more famous? She is an idol in the golf world
There are no people in my family.
Please sulk, you can sulk.
Although I am a single man, I wish you peace in peace....
First of all, the law is a mess. Why don't you make a proper bill? National Assembly members...
yes? What is mad cow disease?
Music Bank MC was the only one who crashed. They are all big stars.
Please be careful and discharge safely~~^^
It's so fun
Pants wind hahahaha Hye-kyo was pretty even back then!
But they only criticize on the internet - the Psy concert is sold out right now hahahahaha I want to go too hahahaha
I don't even know who it is, but why is there an influx of support from the public?
Please don't touch me
Writer, now you have no material other than the deep-rooted Hwijae and the deep-rooted Tongguo, so you chose Ainoku?
My son is so cute and handsome. He was so pretty even as a baby, but he grew up really well.
It must already be difficult for someone who made the wrong choice and fell to the bottom, so why do they have to go this far? Seungri and Burning Sun officials who committed even worse crimes are being buried quietly. If you are a reporter, would you even consider digging into that? That is justice.
There are people next to OOO who don't know that there are OOOs drooling... Don't be a man-hater, be a celebrity. If you're a popular person, don't you know how many people make fun of you...
Let's date together
He's more handsome, but I like Shindong when he was chubby. I think I did a good job of losing weight while thinking about his health. I miss Shindong when he was chubby, but he's really handsome now. The best plastic surgery is dieting and cutting down on carbohydrates. Let's all be healthy.
A drama called Song Hae-Gyeong's Boyfriend was also made to live up to its name and failed, and it looks like the couple failed as a couple..
Why did Kim Dong-hyun go? Did he go to get his face stamped? Haha, other famous people didn't go either haha.
It looks like Kim Sae-rom has been going through a lot of trouble. Please cheer up and the court will be kind to you.
The man is so ugly, he looks like a man made lol
It seems like just yesterday that I liked Kim Jong-kook when Lee Jin-sook was there.
Even if it's on a TV show, it's a bit weird to touch someone else's daughter...
Unfortunately, Suzaku was found out. Lady Giggles Giggles
Jiusama, live happily ever after.
Tonight, just you and me, fly fly fly fly alone
To be honest, I didn't know who it was, and I found out about it for the first time today (US time), and I was very curious. Sumi Jo was the only person I thought had a voice given by God, and this person also has a “voice given by God” in my heart. I hope you take good care of your voice and that it lasts forever,,,,
Park Shin-hye, I'm tired of pretending to be innocent and crying, and my younger sister is gone, so I don't even think about looking for her and come to Seoul to meet a man?
She's worse than him... Lee Seowon? Sexual assault and threat with a weapon. Concealing the ongoing police investigation, conducting music broadcasts and filming dramas. I left the drama right before it aired because it was covered in the news. Need to re-shoot... Of course, drunk driving is not a good thing.
It's provocative, but presenting a solution to a restaurant that has a problem could also be helpful to all self-employed people. Wouldn't it be less effective to show a house that is too good?
I refuse to wear heavy makeup and flashy looks. We boycott all female celebrities who do not participate in the anti-corset movement.
Wow wow tonawaaaaaa
I didn't know Choo Ja-hyun could act this well.
Work hard at YG for the rest of your life. Someone will use that money to do drugs and gamble, and that's how they live!!!!!!
Dean is so handsome~♡
The acting is not fun because the romantic comedy lines are not used well ㅜㅜ
Do we even need to know that ordinary people have died?
Honestly boring..
Korea's three major pinks... Apink, Blackpink, Giant Pink
They said Joong-ki was having an affair.
He's a lucky actor who doesn't have anything particularly good or pretty.
Hyeon-woo is a real loser as a man. Do-gyun is Jin-guk. Seriously. Seriously.
The name was too rough... That's how you name a dog...
I think my character died because I lost weight.....
It looks like I've had plastic surgery, but I don't have the usual face at all. Artificial T-shirt
I got fired from my company and got scolded for it. I almost broke up because of my personal schedule and estranged meeting. Are they singers or dancers? Dancers have a 99% sad ending and are immature.
Divorce, Hye-jeong is going to get a man like Ham So-won. She looks like Ji Ae-mi, so Ham So-won is just like Ji Ae-mi.
Are you saying that Yoon Chong-kyung is from the Roh Moo-hyun era? At first, the leftists were so excited that they bitten off the victory, but then they turned around and saw that it was their own people lol.
These guys are so nervous lol I understand. Their agency is coming soon.
They are such a pretty couple♡♡
You knew right away that it was Onyuri, right?
ubd massage jtune stock scam ㅆㄹㄱ
If Heejunie loses about 10 kilos and dances like a candy, you'll all turn upside down. It's so cool. Watch the YouTube video~~ If you're at a disadvantage, Heejunie will lose weight haha.
It was boring. . Progressives and conservatives explode. . Sitting at the bookstore and reading a book. .The book I bought at the bookstore. . Did you read it all? For the first time in a long time, it seemed like there was a truly uninteresting cast. .
After all, it's best for a woman to be young and fresh. Don't even look at women over 30.
everyday. Always..Why Introduction to Architecture? I'm sick of uploading this. Wow, why???? They mention Wow, Introduction to Architecture, and not another movie. What is the problem with Reporter Wagrano, both here and there???
You are so pretty.......
Shin Min-ah needs to improve her eye for men. Judging by her career and looks, Shin Min-ah doesn't really match up with a newbie like Kim Woo-bin.
What era was there and what kind of mysticism... In the past, during Anycall, Cho Seong-mo and Wax, you were mystic. Now, we are in the era of Galaxy Note 10, BTS, and Twice..
I saw and learned a lot from Soyul.
Oh, you could miscarry in the early stages, so don’t brag about it.
You're pretty even when you're pregnant
I'm 40 years old, going through menopause, and even my legs are worn out haha.
Fans of other singers come in here and work part-time. It's so pitiful. They don't know that they are insulting their own singers. If they have time, they will post more comments on articles about their singers and stream music.
I understand Min Soo-ah. Hyun-kyung Um, your acting is really good. I’m really enjoying Hide and Seek. Fighting.
Instead of talking about the marriage of the old man, our BTS brothers are scheduled for an American program... Please report that, reporter~!
It's not a lottery, but it's cool. That it was successful. I am a woman who lost 25 kg and currently maintains my weight around 69-70 kg, but I am having a hard time losing any more weight. When I see posts like this, I get greedy again haha. Should I increase the amount of exercise I do?
Hey dat~ Dad, did you hit a date in Korea?
It seems like the people who are fluttering when they see Lim Hyeon-joo right now are the bastards hiding behind the makeup and photo shoots... She's better than everyone else...
There is nothing wrong with Jo Jae-hyun in this, right? Also, Cho Soo-hoon, who graduated from Dankook University, is from the non-Han Sports University line... To make it easier to distinguish, they call it Hansport University and Non-Han Sports University. Non-Han Sports University refers to the Dankook University line...
All I can think of is Mix Nine's debut group. They are better. They don't really have any real characters and their skills are only there. They threw away the Mix Nine debut group and hope they have a lot of success, President Yak.
Do you guys eat and leave comments??
This old lady still thinks she's a celebrity.
Let’s have a meal together is more of a nuisance..
Can machines do military life as well?
Ryu Yi-ho is coming out. You must see it.
It's all a broadcast and a script haha. You just have to do it a little bit and it's fun.
I feel much more of a waste of Daniel.. I should date him according to my level.
Kim Tae-ho, don't hide behind Yoo Jae-seok,,,,, express your stance on tax evasion.
Please use your real name. I don't want you to use an alien name like Kian84.
At first, I cursed at Shin Dong-wook, but when I thought about it, I realized that there was someone like a grandfather around me ㅜㅠ It was scary.
It looked strange so I changed the channel
I'm getting sick of seeing Kim Tae-hee with that face. Just stay quiet.
Why do I think of Lee Boo-jin?
So should I say Moon Jae-in?
There is no need for Korean women to worry. Who will take away the broken ones?
I'm just having fun hahaha. Go practice your acting haha. I'm so excited because Ji always films entertainment shows and says I'm pretty.
It's not fun. Please finish it quickly and show me the sequel.
Why do we have to adapt the tastes of the entire nation to Baek Jong-won’s recipe?
Heo Jae, is this person kidding? I don't have any athletic ability. Wow~ awesome!! I guess you just have to be tall to play basketball.
Seo Hyun-jin stands out compared to Lee Min-ki's acting, but the romantic comedy queen is a bit...
The Bogo couple is so pretty. Please add more portions to the side dish~
Look at the situation and try to be funny.
Romantic queen Seo Hyun-jin and Park Min-young!!!
Are you barbarians who are posting malicious comments? Isn't Lee Byung-hun a victim of a flower snake? He didn't commit adultery, but he caught a flower snake because he was threatened, but he can't live in Sangju, so he's leaving malicious comments? Swear at the people who got me-tooed. Tae Jin-ah also broadcasts, and ex-convicts who drink and use drugs also broadcast, you uncivilized people.
Pretty couple ♥
In that way, he goes into all the kitchens of restaurants across the country, absorbs and understands all the restaurants' recipes, and develops his own menu. It's almost like a dictatorship.
Park Jimin Bravo
I also said that I have an illegitimate child and that I am married to my current wife. These days, single mothers and unmarried women are considered illegitimate. There are also divorced parents who are raising them alone.
A real woman, seriously pretty
Is Lee Joon and Jung So-min famous? This is my first time seeing it and it is number 1 in entertainment articles.
If the heavenly West experiences difficulties, we should break up together. Divorce is common.
It is not right to criticize based on only one aspect shown on CCTV without knowing the overall circumstances. It is not too late to criticize after the investigation results come out!!! Just wait!!
It's getting less and less fun
I will also make semen soap that is pure protein chunks.
Don't girls wear adhesive tape that only covers the top instead of wearing a bra in the summer?
I don't know why all the comments are just for the writers so I can't just look at them but they are making such a fuss. They say this and that in the comments but in reality they can't even say anything.
Driving a car is hell
Seryeong, how am I? Wherever I go, I hear people say that Lee Jeong-jae is delicious.
Teacher...I can't believe you passed away suddenly...I pray for your soul to rest in peace.
Rin was really good, and Solji honestly didn't have any impact, so I was almost eliminated... ㅠ Rin was all great today, but it's a shame.
It's so pretty... Previously, when I appeared with Hwang Jung-eum, it was glutinous rice cake, but with the role... I wish I could play a role like that again.
Kids like that don't commit suicide. After all, it’s mental power. So even if you do something like that, you will disobey without feeling guilty, right? The three generations of those people, from parents to children, must be revealed.
Korean men don't say things like feminism or megalomania, but when I hear them talk about it, I want to pout and stab them. Korean men, please!! Have some character and be courteous.
My son's image has fallen and it is too late for him to pursue entertainment activities.
Anyway, Oh Nara was shaking her head and drinking too much maple syrup.
You idiots, if you shield, you'll get even more insulted. Minhyuk is a fraudster's son. Pay back the money, you bad guy.
Muzie beat Solji? I can't believe it.
It's strange to have a happy ending, and it's strange to have a sad ending... I think it would be better to say it's an open ending.
Honestly, if you look at Taiwanese guys who are popular, they all look greasy or have some part of their face that looks weird, but this guy looks good. Looking at his face, the peppers are also big.
I live alone, it’s no fun, I don’t watch it.
Since you grew up under communist education, you speak communist language... you speak Korean... Gods... take care of yourself...
HyunAh will probably do well on her own... HyunA is quite well-known abroad... But is it E'Dawn? That kid... is ambiguous....
It fits the code of this regime... The story of the Donghak Revolution and the anti-Japanese oppression of Donghak by the Japanese will become the main song... After seeing this, people will break off diplomatic relations with Japan. We only learn history through dramas.....
Baek Jong-won, Nam Jae-hyun, Lee Hwi-jae, Go Ji-yong and Digi-Z
The problem is with the men. Do they get pleasure from torturing children as if something happened?? If he were a big man, there are so many things that not even a hair on his head could touch.
When a baby is born, it hurts so much that the swaddle is torn, but returning from the military is even more difficult... The lowest is 10 minutes, but in the military, it is 21 months.
How can you survive in a world full of idol singers when you're all old?
Yes, I haven't seen it for a long time, but it still hurts, so I hope you focus on treatment and make a full recovery.
Your husband is Moon Jae-in, right?
Rain continues to work and go outside regardless of whether his wife is pregnant or not, but Kim Tae-hee seems unable to move because she is pregnant, giving birth, and raising children. It's a clear example of how an actress's career is cut short ㅠㅠ Oh, it's really unfair.
They say T-ara’s Soyeon is the prettiest and most attractive.
A born businessman and drug dealer.
Kim Dong-myeong feels like he's lacking something. There's no such charm in his voice that will draw you in. Park Wan-gyu may be ugly, but his voice has its own charm.
“I Live Alone” has been on the rise for a while and the baby is getting a lot of money. Do you want to make money like that?
These guys are really bad guys.. Is it okay to just eat them and film them so we can just watch them?! yes!? How great would it be to see men from all over the country together?! These guys are very selfish! Please be sure to punish me, judge.
Jinhua, before it’s too late, cut off and meet a young, pretty girl.
Lee So-ra, Uhm Jeong-hwa, Lee Young-ja, Hong Jin-kyung, Choi Jin-sil, and Kim Hee-sun are very close friends, but it feels like Kim Hee-sun is the only one being left out..
Both of them are idiots... If a man uses violence, they should have reported it immediately or called the manager. It's just like they were both overcome by evil... What did the woman next to them do... Ugh.
Na-kyung, please post a baby photo or something on Instagram. Get some water out of it.
Viewership rating: 2%ㅠ Is this a true story? Is it a cable? What on earth are we going to do? Get rid of it. Jeon Hyun-moo That unexpectedly ruined Q... and now it's ruining Haettu as well. Jeon Hyun-moo, please leave without causing trouble to God Yu.
These young people are giving birth too, but those of you who are not having children should reflect on themselves.
As expected, Park Ye-eun is coolㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Is it important enough to keep changing articles like this to turn off Jung Joon-young's aggro?
Of course it's a KBS grand prize winner this year
Why are they being criticized? Are celebrities secretly dating? Then are there any celebrities who won't be criticized? Are there any? Did they film a variety show? Did they film a documentary? They're strange people. They say they're celebrities who have no reason to be criticized, but they're useless bastards.
What about Shu? Do you live in Gangwon-do?
Park Kyung, look for other things and use your brain.. I don’t think he will ever shine as a singer.
Do-hwan looks like a nobleman and is better than the boring Hannam who eats cup ramen at convenience stores. He has a tall figure that makes me want to buy him Bulgari perfume.
Even though Song Ga-in appeared, there was no introduction and MBC was too good~~
Congratulations, you are the owner of an English cafe.
There's no need to listen to the paranoid women here. Anyway, all Korean men are their enemies. Kids who think everything in the world is men's fault...
I really wish you wouldn't post something like this. There must be a lot of people who really want to go, but I wonder how disappointed they would be if they couldn't go because they don't have the ability. Yeah, who's curious?
Park Bom's voice and body are still amazing
Bang Jeong-hyeon...isn't he from Chosun Ilbo?? I seriously doubt it
I want to try Lee Yeol-eum’s giant clams. Don't misunderstand, I'm talking about the giant clam that Lee Yeol-eum brought!
It's a separate article. Pregnant women have different body types on mannequins.
Anyone who sees you will think you are going for the independence movement. Is this the last hamburger in the society that Haha ate?
It seems like Kang Daniel's fans forced it... In fact, Jang Na-ra's level has enough influence to cover up idol news.
The old man is overflowing.
Are you raising a baby? ?
It's a waste of Lee Sang-hwa...
Haha basketball.. haha ​​I laugh..
Still, I’m having fun~ I hope it connects with Kim Hyun-joo in an unconventional way.
Seunggi's hair style is strange on his handsome faceㅠㅠ It's urgent to change
I wait every Wednesday and Thursday. Thank you, author.
Hahaha, if you live your life thinking...hahaha
What's the point of marrying a Chinese person?
Uhm Tae-woong had a pregnant wife at home, Park Yu-chun had his fiancé by his side, and Kim Heung-guk had a wife who had been abroad for several years... the difference.
It's so fun. A highly complete comedy with movie-like visuals and no acting holes!
Oh, you're handsome~ My younger brother is here~ I told my dad to go out with him~ㅎ
Cha Ye-ryeon's love for luxury goods haha.. Last month, she swept up luxury goods at the department store.
There is no other singer who is as good at taking legal action against abuse as their fandom. They are old ladies at their age, so their thoughts seem to be hardened. They need to be flexible, because their popularity doesn't always stand still, haha.
Are we still at the level of friends?
Yang Ji-won and Jo Jeong-seok dated a long time ago. Before they met Gummy during a musical. Before Jo Jung-seok became famous.
I support Goo Hye-sun!! Bad agency, bad ㅅㄲ, never look at part-timers who leave malicious comments and don’t break down. Bad people will be punished.
Couple of the century born, eternal love.
Let's live together and get married, please~ Don't be a nuisance to the people around you and make them suffer by making strict children, but live for four seasons before getting married.
The police should test this too for drugs, and Blackpink too. It stinks.
The one who flirts with these adulterous bitches is your groom.
Family members have limitations in caring for Alzheimer's patients. It is better to take care of yourself at a specialized nursing hospital and not have your family visit you. I trust you will do well. and
Han Hyo-joo is one of the few actresses to star in a movie... haha.
Our Hwasa is a big girl, but Hyorin is acting like a fox!!!!
If I lay her down like that and feed her, won't she vomit? So I feed her while holding her.
The girl is pretty and seems to have a good personality~~ Even if Jeongjun tries too hard, she agrees to everything~ Let your love grow~~ There are a lot of people who are jealous because the girl is pretty.. Don’t worry~~ It’s all about entitlement..
I hope you don't come to home shopping.
Wow, Han Chae-ah, I really wish she could kill me.
It's uncomfortable. An ugly guy is going to make a fuss like that with a pretty girl, so just don't do something like this.
I predict one thing. Ku Hye-sun was not far behind.
Have you ever cried for your parents? Tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk if you go to the military, you think everyone will be searched for.
He looks so much like his dad. Haha.
The insurance lady looks completely OOO. Can't you see she's risking her life to do this?
Is speeding something to be celebrated anymore? Haha, what a country..
There must have been something scary about him because he had someone he trusted, but his pretentious pranks got worse and worse, and now he has become a criminal.
Still, it's good from the kids' perspective ^^ The photos you took naturally are pretty.
It's nothing special haha. You'll find out later.
It's really sick and really fun haha.
Jeolla-do lol
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
It sounds like a regret.. I left the show and moved to Miss Korea for a new show on tvN.. There is no problem with tvN like the show featuring Han Go-eun..
Dramas I've been watching for 2 years... Goblin, My Mister, Terius Behind Me, Sky Castle, Sky Castle is really the best!
No, I saw this on Instagram and this is an article,? I got a photo from Instagram and there really isn't anything to write about.
Did Song Joong-ki fall for an older woman because he was intimidated by her?? Wow... why is he so old??
Isn't Lim Ji-yeon the best in terms of appearance and personality? I think Kwak Si-yang is a bit lacking, but in my opinion, Lim Ji-yeon is a big waste.
Even 100 million is not enough ☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️
It seems I wasn't the only one who felt uncomfortable watching Han Hye-jin and Jeon Hyun-moo yesterday.
The first picture is so arrogant...you're looking at the man downwards.
Is this the Jjamppong restaurant solution? The soup was thick, probably because there were too many chicken bones in it. The meat in the sweet and sour pork was good, but the sauce was sour and the taste couldn't even be compared to the Hong Kong restaurant.
There won't be any trash talking about the military here, right?
It's not that bad, just a few hairs, but it's really sensitive.
What would you do if you lived in such a nice house? Alone... I wish I could get married and have children, but it's hard even if you're a good person.
Teacher Kim Soo-mi is a really hip person. There aren't many people who can do this for 40 years.
You can't forget your first love, especially unless you break up for some reason, so it's likely that love will lead to marriage again.
Photo filter?
Lee Se-chang fighting!!!.....
You may have doubts, but netizens have raised the stakes.
Two hugs? Will Han Ga-in hate it or will Baek Jong-won hate it?
Jang Yoon-jeong is just an unlucky type of woman. She looks strong and tough. It seems like she will live her life with a bang.
Yoo Jae-seok criticizes many trot singers
But if you look at the original picture, he looks really fat hahaha. He sat down and said something that didn't even sound like a word.
Did you also catch Micro Dot Ducom?
Oh Jeong-yeon is a toxic bitch.
Ilbe trash. If you don't like the process of normalization and the good people, just immigrate. You should also behave nicely. Disgusting birds.
I'm not a celebrity, so why do I live a normal life?
Season 3 only features singers that I don't know much about.
Mr. Kim Gun-mo!!! After checking later, don't look at all the people who left malicious comments, report them and punish them!!! Those who post malicious comments are human trash that doesn't need to be forgiven.
Hey, what does Yoo Byung-jae do? It's a forced laugh and it's not funny at all, but who put that show on? After watching it, I'm not interested so I change the channel, and Jaman doesn't show up. I miss him, but why do I have to pay money to watch this person's boring daily life? Please make him stop.
It's really sad because I've seen cases like that around me. I can't believe the kid was Junyoung.
Banga Broadcasting and Ahn Hyun-mo, who sprinkled ashes on the finished parasite feast, will never appear again.
The Jeolla-do kids are really mean to me. They are really good at shaba-shaba in front of me.
Younger women are best. Older woman? Jumma believes and filters it.
I wish this broadcast disappeared...
Lee Jong-seok's acting is good and he's very handsome. Look at his proportions, he had a fit when he read the military article.
Compared to other female celebrities, she is a noble person. There is a difference between her dressing up and not dressing up.
The mysterious silence of the Democratic Party of Korea hahaha.
What's cool and why are you making such a fuss ㅡㅡ
If you're a real fan, you'll always like it
You two had fun‼️‼️
Crush is Jung Yong-hwa, he's not even a temporary member, but someone recognizes him in Busan haha.
If the manager treats me well like that, I would feel burdened and quit, but I don't think I would quit on a good note when I quit later.
In the drama, Rain is really bad at love scenes and Kwak Si-yang's eyes are different.. Maybe it's because she reminds me of a wife and child at home.. Lim Ji-yeon is still good at acting, but if you look at her acting, only Lim Ji-yeon plays the wife and Rain just acts like an acquaintance.
I met Jang Yoon-jeong and became a person~~ How much better would Jang Yoon-jeong have banned free declarations and a ban on leaving KBS as a condition of marriage?? I heard she used to play a lot too~~
It's necessary for a man to have an affair. He only eats home-cooked meals every day or eats out regularly. Please get back together.
Jongkook is awesome! He lives a wonderful life with the young woman he loves, who has only one life. Even though he doesn't love his ex-wife, he always pays child support and takes care of the kids. It's really cool! No one can do that, brother... haha
I wasn't curious about meeting a girlfriend, so what?
Where do you see that? It's a bikini... a swimsuit haha. Kim Jun-hyun, Yoo Min-sang, and Moon Se-yoon wore men's briefs and swimsuits. I bet there wasn't even one article like this, right? Hahaha. Fat men are good at weddings, but only women need to lose weight. It's an underdeveloped country.
You can watch it comfortably. Do you have to speak clearly and perfectly like an announcer? It's a problem because you only want perfect people.
Everyone makes mistakes...just do better from now on...
My back hurts so I can't shoot and it's sad.
Hwang Kyo-ik dislikes this article
Why do only men have to get away with it?
I really hate to see this. I hate everything you say
It's Chu Ja-hyun, a girl who catches men.
This is Jimin from BTS, who has a beautiful mind and body!
Just do it. What kind of announcement is it?
I'm rooting for Tak Jae-hoon, so if you cheer up and live hard, good days will come! Fighting.
Angel Lee Hoseok Singer Lee Hoseok handsome Lee Hoseok smile Lee Hoseok cute Lee Hoseok Monbebe Lee Hoseok pretty Lee Hoseok I love you Lee Hoseok Monsta X
Congratulations! But why does a man always say that he will pay the woman back for the rest of his life when he gets married? I understand he is grateful for marrying her, but isn't it relative?
I didn't like it when it had a pig face, but I hope it continues ^^
But why is Teacher Baek yelling like that? Because the viewership rate is rising, the production team seems to be continuing to edit it that way, but there are times when it's uncomfortable to listen to. It's not all good intentions.
I'm so embarrassed that I once liked Yejin ㅠ Lady Yejin... this isn't right... ah... I really want to be shy ㅠ
Listen and see.
Hyejin ㅠㅜㅠ You are in a class like Jeon Hyun-moo ㅠㅠㅜ You have a lot of money too, so why do you meet such a man? Let’s date him. Rather, I want to try dating a woman like Hyejin~~~!!
He's just as tall as Park Na-rae.
It feels like a toilet. If you go in reverse,
I guess you'll have to deliver it again.
Eugene and TWICE Nayeon look a bit alike.
Jang Dong-gun, who I believe in and trusts.
It's disgusting. dirty. If the investigation had been done properly the last time I was caught, there wouldn't have been another victim... I pretended to reflect and pretended to be a victim and acted like a victim. I guess celebrities have to be born with it. Everyone acts so well even after committing a crime.
I watched it okay for two hours, but I'm just complaining. I guess Ilbe is making more of an fuss because it's blacklisted.
Yang Ki-won? Why are you aggroing like this?
But... why do I have to pay more taxes? Haha. It's not a joint taxation for families.... In fact, there are more benefits if you get married... haha.
Since I got the tattoo, my image has been tarnished and I keep hearing comments, so I guess I have a lot of enemies...
There was a second Lee Sang-min. Thank you to Kim Beom-ryong, who worked hard.
Sorry, I'm tired... Twist + twist + twist... Another twist... I'm good at acting... but I'm tired of twists now...
Lee Hong-ki should be imprisoned. The sin of loving too much
The woman is so old wow
So the husband is a pimp?
It's not fun
I'm going to slap my knee at Tangwei. Sunmi is naturally pretty, but the secret to becoming even prettier is clear.
You're being too open these days haha.
Even men are uncomfortable, so let’s do the no-panties challenge.
Lee Na-young must be young, but she looks really old since she's with Lee Jong-suk...
How much is it polluting the environment? In reality, there are so many containers that can't be recycled... vinyl... I feel like I'm sinning against nature.
Let's throw it all away and bring back Na Young-seok and let's go for season 1. Let's go with Kang Ho-dong, Lee Soo-geun, Lee Seung-gi, Kim Jong-min, Eun Ji-won, Kim C. and MC Mong's comeback.
Male celebrities always reveal their real names ㅜㅜ A man-hating country..
who is this? First time seeing this
The pictorial is so Chinese and tacky.
I don't like it even though it's not set up. It's even on air and it's like that. I don't want to see it.
The female ratio is 69. Ladies, stop whining. It's the same with the school lunch girls. It's not fun because you don't have any historical background knowledge. When you watch a sweet romantic comedy on a fictional day, a young man with great visuals comes out and you only look for dramas that will satisfy your fantasies.
When women have a hard time with a man, they don't want to take it on themselves and the first thing they do is run away.
If the viewership rating wasn't even 10% and there was martial arts, the program wouldn't have received the grand prize. The president appointed by Lee Moon-in abolished martial arts, and Lee Myung-bak and Park Geun-hye also couldn't do it.
Bragging about your connections, nothing more or less than a show.
I just watch it because of Jo Bo-ah...
No, if you had plastic surgery, why? Haha, you Kimchi bitches, really, you should get plastic surgery too. It’s so bad that I can’t even look at you.
Look at Jeong So-young, the researcher wearing a white gown in The Man in the Vineyard in 2006~!! Honestly, she was the prettiest and most graceful of all Korean actresses~!!! People who eat food will talk about Yoona and IU without knowing what's cool, but...
I remember being called a Won Bin look-alike a long time ago. I was very good at acting, but I was curious because he suddenly disappeared. This is good news!
Let's stop fighting. Let’s at least try to understand each other.
Jeon So-min is pushing me so much, Jeon So-min is no fun.
I thought it was Aping Big, but it turned out to be a fake Kim Nam-joo.
The picture looks a little strange
Why do you have plastic surgery? It’s gotten weirder.
Jeongjun not so much...I doubt the idea
I am a singer. Do it again and take a break for a season.
It's a pretty family photo~~
At this point, shouldn’t we call her martyr Han Seo-hee?
There's no need to say anything to Kang Hyuk-min haha. Why did he have a colleague in the past who he wasn't close with? Even back then, he seemed a bit strange, so I stayed away from him, but a few years later, I found out that something like this had happened... Many people asked him about it, and he said he had this kind of feeling back then as well. Is it just that?
Since when did young entrepreneur become a word used by wealthy young people when doing business?
To be honest, Han Hye-jin is now 37 years old, and in fact, if you are an ordinary woman, you have already given up on marriage, and women fall into the high-risk group of elderly women from the age of 35. In fact, women in their 30s are so picky about men that they turn into old women and have strange personalities. After all, celebrities are public figures.
It's so noisy
Isn't Moon So-ri a bubble?? I haven't been able to watch the movies I've appeared in, and I don't even know what I've filmed recently.
Jung Joon-young may have said something out of anger just because he appeared on 2 Days & 1 Night. Tsk tsk, if you feel unfair, you should first criticize him on KakaoTalk.
Go to the military, and don’t even dream of avoiding military service.
who are you!!!! (Reminds me of Old Boy)
I wonder how he turns into such an obnoxious person, is it fun to live like that?
To be honest, sexual assault is a more shameful crime than drug use. They say that even in Bread, rapists are not treated as human beings..
I saw you doing an interview last week and I was so envious of you because you did well ㅠㅠ
Lee Min-ho's fingers are flying like a bob cue
Why is the title of this drama Life on Mars? I don't understand. The original British drama is called Life On Mars because it was about when Life On Mars came out.
Goo Hye-sun... She's like a dirty snake. Ugh... The way she holds on to the crotch of her pants and hangs out is so vulgar.
They are a person who acts like a fetishist and sincerely works as a volunteer in places without cameras, but it is unfortunate that they are being questioned because of the image of their agency. They are a really nice couple.
If everyone who has seen it clicks the recommendation button, 2020 will be a huge success and the whole family will live long. Also, everyone will have a good night and sweet dreams.
But just looking at the photo makes me feel repulsed.
Nancy Lang is such a kind person.
Is this also an article?
The wind is not a sin, so why... Times have changed now. Ip Seon should love freely like Jong Kook. It's the 21st century.
Please just let that manager become a celebrity with me..ㅠㅠ He’s so handsome, has a good personality, and I really like him..
Kim Ji-won is my favorite among actresses in their 20s. I hope she does well.
Haha, I hope you never come back. I hope you never come back. I was surprised by the duplicity.
No, who is this guy? ㅡㅡ
Isn’t Lee Wan married? Single?
Ye-eun, a female femme, got into trouble, and now that she's in a relationship with Kyung-ri, of course they're all soft. Look at you idiots with cognitive dissonance. Haha, the complaint is coming soon, so just wait~
Please don't wear strange clothes. Don't wear long skirts. If you are short, you will look even shorter. You can be pretty with ordinary clothes, but if you are greedy for your personality or anything, you will regret it when you see Park Na-rae's past in the future.
Kang Won-rae was really harsh to me for a while, but now he seems to like me?
The Kang Ho-dong and Lee Soo-geun combination entertainment shows are somewhat obvious.
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it haha. Why does that guy call an old man rich and cool? But that doesn't make sense haha. It's just me.
Even if I do it like that, it won’t work...ㅜ
You are a single parent. Please don't use the government's tax money.
Today is also really fun. It looks like it will be a huge problem in the future. The look in Lee Byung-hun's eyes is as big as a bag of rice?
Men are avoiding me because of women.
Really... it's not a romantic relationship, it's a dating rumor? ㅠㅜ
Why are you Hell Joseon bastards complaining about racism? You guys also talk about Chinese people being chinks and Japanese people being monkeys, but the only thing you know how to say when Westerners say it is on the Internet, right? These bastards will get beaten up if they say it to their face lol.
SiᆞᆞᆞᆞYoo Jae-seok, you too, watch and learn something, don’t just make money.
Yoon Jeong-geon drank poison and couldn't hear any of the lines, so I thought it was just a setup, but I figured it out after reading the article.
What did Lee Byung-hun do wrong? I looked at the organ of my heart and it was good to see that he came out handsome.
Since Bok-gil is coming out, the studio feels like something hehehe.
In my opinion, doesn’t this seem like a ploy to make money? Is this all a show?
Even if I draw it, I feel sorry for Dalsu-hyung.
I haven't seen you for a while and it makes me uncomfortable. Why is this happening all of a sudden??? Lee Sang-min's comeback is successful and it's nice to see him working hard, but what is red pepper powder?
I saw it in the summer of 2002, and I was driving a sports car with Seo Ji-young... It was 18 years ago haha.
Kang Seong-hoon... I feel like he's going to commit suicide. I hope he takes good care of his health and comes back in good shape.
Grasshoppers are out of date ㅡ Elementary school man is still on lol Isn’t the target of the song Baek Jong-won? ㆍ YouTube is a big thing these days. It’s been a while since I watched TV.
It's all good, but I wish Park Soo-hong's mom didn't show up ㅠㅠ
Haha guys, I'm now a Subs Ana, but my friend is me. Can you help me? Something like this? You and your friends are all dogs. You are a rookie now and you are not a star like anyone else haha.
Still, looking at the photo, it looks like you're reflecting a lot, so it's nice to see it.
Hwasa Nobra is a girl crush, you bastards.
Cheer up Yewon!
It's true that you've become really pretty. She has been reborn as a goddess and heroine with a beauty that is capable of anything. She doesn't look OOO and the plastic surgery was really successful, but I hope you don't touch her anymore and just maintain her well.
Is this Hana Kyung from the old Love Switch? Haha, if you watch that show, every time a guy appears, you click that he's your ideal type. In reality, you weren't interested in that at all, but didn't you just click on it to get a lot of camera shots and interviews? Haha.
He's a drug addict and he's on TV?!
After all, a woman has to be thin to be good, so let’s be honest and like thin women on the inside.
It's not easy to go to a place like that while serving in the military, but maybe because he's a celebrity with a silver spoon, he does whatever he wants.
I support your love! Have a nice love~~~^^♡
There are a lot of deaths in the U.S. and Japan, but there are no reports.......You can check here www.afreecatv.com/gtv7
My husband has a lot of money, but is there a reason why he married a sick person? Sangmu-hyung, please live long, my dear ㅠㅠ
Let’s settle the bill quickly and escape from Mangblizz. Stop pretending.
If you're pretty, you'll be forgiven~ I love you~
Is the PD crazy about restaurants?? He eats and hangs out all the time and that's it. Jingling, crappy content.
The comments were so crazy that when I looked at the gender ratio, it was 70% female lol.
Yes, don't act like you're great while going down the road that Big Bang oppas laid down^^
Idol in your country?? Was there even a group like this?? Not as popular as Bangtan, business of interest keke
Did you know that if you mention your real name or initial consonant here, you will feel sued???? Are you ready to eat sue before mentioning it, you chicken heads?
I was very disappointed when I saw the real estate article. Son Ye-jin too.
Kim Saeng-min Now, with the money I made from 10 commercials, I will live a good life, going crazy... It would be even better if I could immigrate to a country without fine dust and live well...
You're complaining about everything~
Johyun won't be hurt by this. The only ones who will get hurt will be the Kungkkungs who swore at him even more. Haha, Kungkkungs, when you look in the mirror, are you upset because there are only pigs in the mirror?
She looks selfish.. Typically, she only thinks about herself at school and is good at studying.. I feel like Han Hye-jin looks better as a person.
The more I look at it, the more I feel the gap between Yoo Yeon-seok and Seo Hyun-jin. Those two tall, handsome and pretty models are perfect for filming 'School' or 'Dream High'. Please don't come out in a negative drama. Lee Sung-kyung, please ask Ed from your agency to give you some acting practice!
The reason there is a female lead is because the rule is that he ends up with a woman at the end.... Please, writer, please ^^ Just let them meet again, please ^^
Oh my, why is it Korea?
The Tajinyos started crawling out again. Unfounded suspicions about Seo Dong-ju's background may also result in a lawsuit for defamation by spreading false information. Take a good look at the other person's occupation and use your fingers.
Yoon Seong-han’s African dog fun..
No, it's not like you've committed some kind of deadly sin. People are really doing it too much. It's scary to have control of one person's life. From now on, live with a clear financial relationship. I will support Lee Seung-yoon and the manager. I hope you continue to do it without stopping in the entire city.
Isn’t this a plagiarism from the movie Han Hyo-joo appears in??
Stress seems to be the cause, so Moon Jae-ang is responsible.
Within 100 years, after a major sexual war between men and women, polygamy, prohibition of women's political participation, and elimination of women's voting rights will become common cultures around the world. The hen cries so much.
Thank you, guys. Do you think you have to commit suicide to get rid of your anger? How clean are you? While having the same wolf natures.
There aren't many malicious comments, but the fanatics are going crazy again. Don't leave malicious comments. You all, you fanatics, do your own thing.
I live in Gwangju, Jeolla-do, but I'm not an indigenous Japanese) Get away and go to Monkey Island
Dae-eun, if you are under threat or have any weaknesses, balk at your first starting game next year.
Your image is like a villain hahaha. I can still see you fighting with a much younger Han Hyo-joo during the Embing God Drama Awards hahaha.
There are two Garys??
I'm so proud that I have to leave when the applause starts.
As expected, Donggeun hyung was awesome... It was like a musical~ The little boy was cute haha.
Shin Jung-hwan's appearance It's shameless to apologize to the public.
Before saying that someone committed suicide because of malicious comments, it is important to check each person's personal life first.
Even men criticize celebrities for their military issues, but Me Too supports celebrities unconditionally.
Full of the smell of Suzaku~~~
Who the hell is that galbo-looking bitch?
Harvard Law School, Department of Political Science and Diplomacy. I think it's a tremendous amount of education. I think he would have done great things if he had been in politics.
Jeon So-min is really cute and Kim Ji-seok is so exciting. What is his body like? ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Song Eun says Lee Ha-neul should hold hands and go out, it doesn't suit him.
Her name is Beauty..No matter how you look at it, there is no beauty..
Kids these days are so tall that you have to be over 190 to stand out.
2 Days & 1 Night is boring and all I can think about now is how immoral it is. Please abolish it. From the parents’ perspective, it is abolition fee.
A woman is a waste
I'm shaking so bad. LOL
Are these crazy jobs really part-time jobs? Why are you making such a fuss when the Chinese don't even care? Every time I look at it, I feel disgusted and vomit. Just mind your own country.
Seungri: I made a mistake a hundred times, but just trust me and ignore that... I am the spokesperson for the current government.
It was too much. It is the fault of the Japanese government, not the fault of the innocent civilians who died in the atomic bomb. It feels even scarier that we don't realize how scary this is.
A world where if parents are criminals, the children also become criminals... I don't know how good your parents lived.
Also, other than Oh Hae-young and Eric, Shinhwa isn’t that great???
Haha that’s funny. I followed you to the hotel room.
From the looks of it, the plot is about a slave, Eugene Choi, who moves to the United States, succeeds, and seduces a high-status girl. . . volunteer army. Fuck the patriotic movement, etc. . !
