
They are doing all sorts of things. The process of making the country completely naked~ Anyway, the truth will be revealed only after a hearing.
I’m worried about a man who speaks in dialect
For him, castration is the answer.
The ball girl is so fun, fun, and pretty!!!♡
One mistake can destroy all your achievements.... He is a person of love and hate. But I hope to finish it well with time and come back soon.
Just a trustworthy person
Just write the facts
Wow.. I can’t believe how old you are..
Park Il-seo! Why you? I went to that place and did something! Heungkuk is having a hard time because of people like you!
Wow, congratulations Harim!!
Haha, not confidently, but just ending.
Cheer up, Hana-kyung. I hope you don’t get hurt by stubborn words.
A body like that was all over the streets... just a wannabe of the Orc Pig Jujumas.
When you see something like this, you say, “Fuck, this is so close.”
Say it's a face without makeup
Daughter, don’t make your mom worry..ugh.
Dink people I know are jealous of children in their 40s. Having children makes families more harmonious.
We're dating because we like each other, but what does age have to do with it and what do you care? In other people’s lives, this and that, tsk, tsk.
“I used to receive comfort when I was having a hard time with the song ‘Norazo’, ‘Hyung’. I would be grateful if you could continue to bring joy and comfort to many people under the name Norazo.”
As expected, yg is amazing, j y p is amazing, this kind of idol manufacturing machine is amazing, yg jyp is also really awesome.
lucky year
Oh Hyun-kyung is awesome, I'm so happy
It's the best iron plate ever
I love this couple haha
It's too far-fetched. Since Woojin is pretty and popular, I started liking her again. Otherwise, instead of regretting it, I would have thought it was a good thing. In the end, you just have to live your life faithfully whether you get married or not.
They told the Japanese to resolve their predecessors' mistakes among themselves, but Koreans gave no response. Don't blame Hell Joseon. I don’t want the nation to inherit the Hell Joseon executive resentment.
I hope you only work with him... It doesn't seem like there's anything that will help your image as an actor... I hope my fellow actors continue there...
Giregi. Who stays still when Gilda gets stoned??? Garbage aggressors should be banned from YouTube, it is a social evil.
It's not working. Let's do it with me before I die.
I heard Moon Jae-in's son was also involved, so I guess that's why.
I don't care about the viewer ratings, it doesn't matter if the show is good or not, I'm just happy to see our Hye-kyo. I don't know when I'll see her again, but I have to watch hard. She has a pretty face, good acting, and she's trustworthy.
During my Leeds days, the most popular were Moon Hee-jun, Kang Ta, Jang Woo-hyuk, Tony, and Lee Jae-won. Moon Hee-jun was at GD level, Kangta's wife had tens of thousands of fans across the country, and Jang Woo-hyuk had a lot of male fans. Tony was at Lee Jae-won level.
Haha, the president is relaxing and enjoying his vacation.
So pretty
Jo Min-ki is going to commit suicide.....let's do it in moderation.....
Lee Hwijae is the same as when he was young.
Don't touch Song Hye-kyo's Bogum.
It's a drama that only old maids and kimchi girls will like. Look at the guy in that picture making a bad face lol.
It's an unrivaled trash broadcasting station... It's all kinds of things... This is the first time I've seen a broadcasting station that produces contest programs and then steals money.
Well done. If you were as beautiful and wealthy as Soyeon, it would be easy to remarry a doctor, a lawyer, or a building owner in Gangnam, so why bother living with a man you don't like?
It would be better for Kang Han-na not to appear in a two-shot with Han Ji-min.. Han Ji-min is so pretty.
Goodbye, front door, go to a nice place. If you meet Nojjang, be sure to ask him if it was suicide or murder.
Seolhyun is ruined and there is no time to come and go, so it seems like it is just there haha. AOA has been ruined since Choa was gone.
I hope that actor Ahn Jae-hyun overcomes the pain and stands up.
Isn’t this the ultimate Marvel boss?
Is Jang Dong-gun Jesus? I don’t know why they call him handsome. He was born in a good era and did well. Lately, I feel like he has a face like that.. He’s not even an actor, so what type of person is he? Ambiguous..I can’t do it too much.
Among these modern times, I knew Park Na-rae was ugly, but she really looks so damn good. I really feel like she's worried that she won't appear on TV. Seriously, this isn't a malicious comment. The men around me are all Park Na-rae, and Lee Guk-joo is here. change channel
They're doing everything they can to get out of the military.
Are you the only one raising children? lame
You really have to be careful, Mijin! If you meet the wrong woman, you will be devastated. The same goes for this murder case.
Think about it with common sense. What's so bad about a handsome actor like Jo Jae-hyun that he sexually assaults her? Do you have a brain, you bastards? Are you saying that all other people are ugly? Then it's normal to support handsome Jo Jae-hyun.
Hey, why are you snooping around on the broadcast?
By the way..is Kim Chung-jae a celebrity??
Lee Si-eon's house has a lot of luggage again. Why is he filling the house with household items? He's acting like an old man.
At that age...
But it is true that there is no one more handsome than Kang Daniel in BTS.
The reason she grew up well is that even though her parents divorced, she helped her a lot and worked hard secretly to prevent her from going down a bad path. Although it may not be good to see her on TV, she is doing her job as a mother properly at home. I hope she grows up well in the future ^^
Why are articles about pretty ordinary people published in the entertainment section?
Sol Pharmacy House was really fun.
Is it sane to go and eat that thing early in the morning? LOL
It's so pretty. Jeong Mi-ae.
I don't know what's going on with IZ*ONE's Minjoo.
In any case, aren't you a former drug addict like Toilet Yoochun?
I've seen it in person since Inunan's Bangjajeon. You are so beautiful that I can't help but notice you. Sister, let’s go to Hollywood~!!
Why are you done making money in China now? I live such a dirty life
This is a good country for criminals to live in.
Please don't do anything weird.. Is there any way that going up there like that and lying down and taking pictures just because you're allowed to look good?
TV Chosun aired it, but I thought it was a given and they didn't have a single hit song, so I was shocked that they were charging so much for the event.
Looks like a refugee lol
The production team knows to some extent that she was fired after working there for 3 months because she had a lot of other problems.
Goushida, the merchants should be jealous haha
Don't idealize it. It's scary to see Yoon Se-na and Soo-im pretending to be nice and then suddenly changing... You shouldn't be suspicious, but when Ye-seo and Hye-na fought and Ye-seo was threatened, they immediately thought that Ye-seo was the culprit.
Every time Lee Seo-jin comes on air, he talks about Han Ji-min. Are there any questions that MC reporters ask other than about Han Ji-min? Ever since Napid and writer Kim Dae-joo said that Lee Seo-jin wants Han Ji-min, I can only feel Lee Seo-jin's selfishness even when I watch the reruns.
You all know that the current government has been keeping this secret to cover up left-wing incidents such as Son Hye-won, and has now exploded it, right? Seungri and YG will go beyond the company and try to target their superiors. For example, the leftists at places like Naver are so scary. Son Hye-won's story is completely covered.
If you have done something wrong, you deserve to be criticized, but if you are misunderstood and criticized for unrelated matters, it will be very painful. I understand how that person feels.
Han Su-min is pretty.
Kim Seung-hyun's new bride is a great woman??? Can't she show her face clearly??? Kim Seung-hyun, get rid of this family!!!
Oh Chang-seok is sincere. I wonder if Chae-eun is sincere.... Is it for filming~~
Yeon Jeong-hoon disliked
I fixed a lot. It was cheap, but it's better that I fixed it.
If you are an adopted daughter, you will inherit property and think about the future.
So Ji-sub is such a shame. A wealthy man who can buy several buildings in Seoul looks like So Ji-sub? Zodiac sign? It's really So Ji-sub! A 17-year-old can jump rope twice according to the 12 zodiac signs.
I think Moon Jae-Ang should be sent to prison and put to death.
Show me below too
EXO is like an untouchable god in the idol world, so I don't dare to talk about it, but I think I'm targeting BTS because it is easy and feasible.
Why do I get the feeling that Seojin Lee doesn't want to go and that she's going for the sake of her image?... It's a double feeling.
Hong Jin-young always creates an atmosphere like that, so I don't think it will go well. She seems like a woman who just wants to broadcast.
It's so stupid that it pisses me off. I have to moderate it to be annoying.
Really... seriously... it's so boring that I change the channel... Why do they show me going to my mother's school on a variety show??
I'm also an active-duty soldier, but the guys seem like idiots. I don’t show military pride
Wasting time with someone who is a college student haha ​​is embarrassing..
Is this an anti-American nationalist drama during the era of Moon Jae-in? Haha. The real communists should be revived in Namyeong-dong and all be punished.
The country is rotten.
This lady appears too much and I can't get into it.
As for Song Joong-ki, pretty, young, and smart women would be lining up. He has enough money himself.. I wonder why he bothered to marry someone who is almost 40 years old. At that time, it seemed like a bean pod was put on me.
If Cho Kuk becomes the Minister of Justice, everyone will be so afraid that they will even come out with lies like this?????????????? I hated Cho Kuk because of the controversy over Cho Kuk's daughter, but with fake news like this coming out, I feel like I should support Cho Kuk instead~~~~~ Get on with it.
Is Ha Yeon-soo not working on any projects?
I honestly don't understand why YG's visuals, nabals, and skills are so good. If you rap in Korean in a soft tone, you might think you're good at everything. But when you listen to it live, there's honestly no difference between it and other companies.
When she appeared as a zombie, I thought she was a pretty new actress who was good at acting~ I enjoyed it even more thanks to Lee Se-young~ Please continue to act well in the future^^
Unless you're a man with a fetish for fat women, you'll probably just think of me as an acquaintance for the purpose of informing you of good restaurants. If you see this, get stimulated and lose weight.
Jessie, teach me some manners, Psy.
Albe said he didn't even know he was handsome because he had a common face in Italy. He praised the level of the face of a common Italian man.
Why does he keep using this? He always says the obvious.
Wow, I fucking love you MBC so muchㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠI've been crying out for Bangyu to be sent alone since last year and finallyㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I feel like I'm going to die
Go on a diet and become beautiful
Get rid of the narration. It really doesn't fit.
King of Mask Singer is still doing it.. Nice to meet you ㄹ
I wonder what else the Moon Jae-in administration is trying to cover up by taking a person's life like this... It's heartbreaking.
Does anyone still go see that? It's dirty when you guys open your wallet.
Wow... Nam Joo-hyuk's hair looks like that, so I'd believe it if they said he was really brothers with Gray.
It's a pity that you're destroying victory.
Isn't it too early to experience popularity at this level? I guess I'll have to go higher to find out whether it will change or not.
Every time I watch a porn video, I change the channel.
The kids look just like their mom, so they’re all cute~ +_+
You decorate your shoes ㅜㅜ Real men and other people don't like them, but they look like Yeezy Boosters and you decorate expensive sneakers ㅡㅡ
It's still on TV. It's shameless.
Are you blocking your debut because you smoked? There aren't any kids who don't smoke.
What is 2 days and 2 nights? Jirekiah
My style is getting worse
Isn't that their hometown?
Would you have stood at the center just because you were good? The staff would have put you there. Just like taking pictures at a wedding, placing people in positions based on rank is discrimination in itself.
I made Seolhyun feel sexual shame, is that a sin???? I guess my grades are bad. Seolhyun: A girl who can't study. Does he feel sexual shame??? Haha, I feel a lot of shame about not being able to study. lol
Our main enemy is not Japan. If we get along well with the US, there is no need to worry about the Dokdo issue.
I don’t think you need to cry. You are so pretty!
From now on, don't be active in Korea. I don't know where they brought this uninformed American and what they're doing.
I was sad while watching this program because I cried a lot for 3 years because of the sadness of losing my father who suddenly passed away due to a brain hemorrhage... Ah, I also miss my father that much... Nayeon's mother, stay strong, stay healthy, and stay strong!!!!!
I did it, I did it, I was so disappointed.
You took such good care of it...do you want to do that?
I really hate the reporter's title. Ugh, she's a woman.
Your precious vote was gathered in front of the media.
What is the level of those who talk about Jung Woo-sung's regime? Jung Woo-sung could easily receive a grand prize just for his contributions to the film industry.
I'm a chicken and I'm so stupid that I don't even know the essence of the MeToo movement. I'm digging into the private lives of celebrities.
Stop it. You haven’t done anything good enough to be on the air.
It's seriously ugly...
Neither side did anything good.
My stomach hurts, why are you doing this?
Korean women really need to be hit hard.
Oh my~ You’ve already grown so much~~ Oh my, you look just like your pretty aunt~~^^ It’s lovely~^^
They say we're dating. It's so frustrating.
To be honest, I can put it down to other things, but I can't tell from its looks haha.
Please~~ I thought you were embarrassed.. Why did you get divorced?? I thought it wasn’t something a show host with a messy personal life would do on TV..
So I took some nude photos and that kind of thing..
The Age ? You look so young...
I would have watched it if I knew Roy Kim was going to be there ㅜㅜ. I thought Yoon Geon wasn’t that good so I skipped it ㅜㅜ
Kim Hyun-joong’s bed girl j?
I watch this show to watch the manager, but the manager has no personality and isn't funny... It seems like Crush does everything alone.
Kang Han Na is much more of a waste! Even though he looks good, he stinks!
I see sadness in your eyes
I want it, CEO Baek.
Cheer up San!
At her son's wedding, why did she say 'I'll treat you well, Okja' ㅠㅠ This guy is really serious, it's annoying, stop coming out now, Gwangsan Kim, I'm so sick of it... If you're not going to get off, Okja's family should come out, Kims, stop!! To writer Jang, Seunghyun Kim's image has only worsened.
Haha, even if you just take it out, it's still ugly, so what are you saying? They're just warming up to each other.
Is there anything boring to talk about? Diet here and diet there too It's not boring because it's a diet story when people lose weight. Diets also have a constitution that suits that person. That's why they lose weight. I wish there were articles about boring celebrities.
Do××Ana lives with her mother-in-law. It's disgusting to see a couple being so happy that they shouldn't pay any attention to each other. Why is pseudo-narration necessary?
I am also 14 years old and my second child, so I know that feeling hahaha. Thank you Yebin for saying what I want to say to my mom for me haha.
You guys, stop criticizing Song Hye-kyo. I'm eating gosomi... You have to be careful because they are coming after capturing the coordinates of the capture unit. Do you avoid poop because it is dirty or because you are afraid? If it were like America, you would be in prison. This is why Korea is still an underdeveloped country.
We pray for the soul of the deceased to rest in peace. Rub with your left hand~ Rub with your right hand~
The enemy of a woman is a woman
Is there anyone who still marries a Korean woman?
Not really...I watched it because of the kids~~~~
Why are you promoting idols?? Are you covering production costs?? Or just don't show it
It's because Park Myung-soo has a pretty heart. I think his physiognomy gets better as he gets older. On the other hand, Yu Galbi and Moon Jae-ang are like, wow!
If you forget Shin Da-eun, she appears on entertainment shows.
This is an article that will make thumpers uncomfortable.
My favorite was Kim Do-ah. I wonder what she is doing now. If she did it normally, she would be Do-Ah Kim doing her best.
Hey everyone, don't overdo it.
The real truth is that men are wealthy and women are beautiful, but these things that don't work out only end up fighting on the Internet hahaha.
life*The Republic of Korea is in a mess because there are dogs and pigs like you. You need to know the topic. Munbe bugs who are as pigs and pigs as Ilbe bugs are garbage that eats up the country’s cultural broadcasting.
The motto is “I Live Alone,” but Jeon Hyun-moo keeps coming to my house, so I quit and film “You Two Live Alone.”
I don’t think there’s anyone who can beat Son Seungyeon
Why don't you know this person? He is a person who came out of the White Tower to the Giant Tower.
If you don't feel comfortable, don't look at it haha. Who's asking you to look at it haha?
Big~~ As expected, Daniel Henney~~ 1 loss to Korean men~~ Even the proportions are different,, they are different from the Hannam kimchi guys, as expected....!
There is no such thing as a religious order.
Even if I take it out, you’re a pig
Didn’t Lee Young-ja say she wouldn’t participate in war? Anyway, I don't see it. Bob Bless You ❤️❤️
I wish this year, this year, this year
Ham So-won is clever. What I've been doing like a rat for a while is... I've been acting like a fool... but it was an uproar a few weeks ago. I'm struggling with the conflict between my mother-in-law and her husband.
Our Taehee is getting old too ㅠ His acting is still awkward ㅠ It's boring and hehehehe
But why is he floating like this? I don't even know his singing face
Reminds me of IU. If you're going to date, date quietly. Are you annoying or are you just a bunch of servants?
Hongja is making it seem like he really meant what he said...?! They are people who can't deal with each other in Jeolla-do.
No one is interested so why are they aggro lol
Honestly, I don't think there's anyone who hasn't taken money from people who curse so much. Otherwise, there's no need to curse like Marshal Bu Daecheon. Besides, the person who was scammed and the person who was scammed are on the same level. There must have been a certain amount of profit when lending, right? Before you curse at me, put your hand on your chest first.
I can't trust Subs these days....
Just imagine, women in their 40s, their children are in a PC room and their mothers are watching bulletproof videos. Then, they support Moon Jae-in at Gyeongpodae University and come to Tonawa.
It's such a shame that Mignorini is so bad.
'That bitch'... She was extremely arrogant even on a regular basis. I hope I never see her again on TV or on stage. It will be your punishment for being arrogant.
It's so pitiful... Why don't they call it a disease? Research in the U.S. says it's a chromosomal abnormality... It can be treated, but people in the world don't believe it...
Are all the poor women in their 20s and 30s gathered for this article? LOL This is why women should not be given the right to vote. You girls should just live with Mnet advance voting.
It's much better than the men who are getting #MeToo. Please repay me with music.
Please make sure to expel Choi Jeong-hoon as well. Let’s start a movement to expel Jannabi’s vocalist!
Let's refrain from making too many personal attacks. What are you doing? ㅠ Still, you are top class recognized both in Japan and abroad.. You have also raised your reputation in Korea, so I hope you will leave it alone. Please don't get hurt anymore and I will always support you, oppa. ㅠㅠ
Who would post an article like this out of curiosity about this American flag?
It makes me change the channel at the beginning of every episode. No matter how hard I try to hold your gaze, it's not enough. I say this because I feel sorry. Can't we just run straight to the scene the viewer is waiting for?
The disbandment process is natural, and the members have benefited so far, whether they knew it or not, so I believe they cannot escape moral responsibility. For the time being, I have no choice but to stay alone and wait.
It is true that going to Seoul National University is harder.
Mr. Jeon Jin, please apologize to Mr. Boom. Boom had a hard time pretending to be Boom and having a one-night stand by hanging out at a nightclub, signing autographs, and having a one-night stand, and he suffered from panic attacks. If you are a human being, you should kneel down and bow your head and apologize to Mr. Boom.
Haha, the pants that that woman and Alex were selling. . . I was sewing when I grew up and it came out~ Haha my pants were so fluffy it was a mess~ ㅜ
My younger brother is nice...
Be careful with your comments, and then you'll get sued. No matter what, you haven't done anything wrong, so just cover it up. There's nothing to do, and swearing at men is so cruel, especially heartthrobs ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Tsk tsk...
There are a lot of ladies who are jealous because I am getting older and marrying a younger and more popular man.
What kind of heartache is it? It's something that will pass naturally. If there really isn't anything
Jeolla-do is also a supporter of the Moon Jae-Ang Juche faction~
Go to the military, Gummer et al. I really like our country. Let’s give Gummer et al a golden return like this.
Why does Ko Ji-yong keep appearing?
everyone!!! Kim Yong-guk is of Korean descent. Why is he so handsome?
Last night, at the playground in front of my house, there were 5 people speaking with Jeolla-do dialect, smoking, drinking, shouting, urinating on the street, etc. I reported it to the police station and two police officers also spoke in Jeolla-do.
If you break up with your husband, don't you think you'll be invited? You're done. Who cares about someone who can't be loyal to their spouse? Selfish...
What if you reveal who it is?? That member is also a victim. Who asked you to manipulate it? They manipulated everything from above and it's been a while since their activities ended, but now they're doing this, so they're all victims now. Why do arrows go to the members (I agree)
Considering that the manager has changed more than 30 times, it doesn't seem like he has a very good personality, but just because he eats well, he turns out to be a person of great moral character. Haha. He is definitely a person who is obsessed with eating.
Jo Jae-hyun's acting was really great...
Why are you burdening your children with your parents’ debt?
When I became Miss Korea, there was a lot of corruption.
It says he is 39 years old ㅡㅡ Isn’t Yang Se-jong in his 20s???
The way you speak is very sweet
Dongmi, fighting, stay strong!
Wang Jin-jin's wife, Nancy Lang, has become prettier after marriage haha. Wang Jin-jin ♡ Nancy Lang. Live happily ever after with your sweet, pretty love. Forget the past and find your own happiness. Haha. And don't pay attention to what netizens say.
Abolish it, please.
Jeonju Jeolra girl's malicious comments made your mother like that, so all Jeolla people are your enemies. There is a reason why old books and old adults tell you to stay away from them.
If it goes viral among women, it becomes a huge fuss haha. Even an innocuous incident gets a lot of attention when it goes viral among women haha. That's why there's an old saying that says, women, be careful with your tongue...
It's really hard to not be blessed with a child like this..
At the end, Nam Gyu-ri said, “You can do it again and always.” I hope it comes true. I wasn't even a fan, but seeing the three of them together brought tears to my eyes.
It's such a pity that I can't feel fatherhood.
I hope you are wanted by Interpol for defamation.
This drama is still on~~~
Yes, it was a nuisance. I was as tall as a dwarf's sack of shit, so I was stuck in the middle.
No, but it hasn't been accurately concluded that it was sexual harassment yet, so why is it that public opinion is always formed by only celebrities being exposed? It's okay to be exposed after it's concluded. If you are found guilty of a false accusation like this, who will be responsible for tarnishing your image and causing you stress?
One woman's life is going to be a complete mess again... If you like each other, live with a smile on your face until the end... Don't change your mind... Many people are watching. Don't break up~~~!!!
Yoo Sanseul and Kodari's love duet, let's go~!!!
So when do I enlist in the military?
yes next plagiarism
I thought it was Gilyong ㅜㅜ
Jeon Hyun-moo's nose is going to bleed....lol
He's tall, handsome, and has a good personality, so look at them criticizing him. It seems like they think it's the right time and rush at him, but no matter what, he's just like us. The comments seem to be saying too much.
I only see Shinhye, she's so pretty, Emma, ​​and Shinbi itself. Because of the two main characters, I see a lot, let's go further.
Looking at the number of comments, they say it's fun and they're at the level of people rushing at it like crazy?
They are such a pretty mother and daughter~^^
....the representative of Korean beauty...so pretty and beautiful...I didn't know the sadness behind that appearance.
Native Japanese Japanese Gangnam
When I look at you, this phrase comes to mind. When a fool has faith, it's scary. Congratulations on your marriage. I hope you live well. I hope you live according to your own theme.
I feel like I trust Sarim too much... I need to be meticulous...
Wasn’t she originally skinny? Anyway, I'm jealous ^^
Totally excessive settings haha... Really boring.
Even if you don’t want to eat, just eat some food. You drink too much, smoke, and only eat coffee. I hope you get better soon.
There are still a lot of stupid people who judge personality by what they see on TV..lol.
I tried my best to get support like Goo Hara.
What's wrong with Micro Dot? It's a pity that it's become popular now. They say becoming a celebrity is similar to winning the lottery... it's a pity.
I don't understand why the son has to pay for his parents' mistakes.
Well, the will was received by Dear Cloud's Nine... Aren't you the only ones who don't know what the public knows?
Wow, Han Hyo-joo is really the prettiest in the world.
Who is it? Someone I know~
You're pretty, sister
Even if you women get married and live with your husband beating you, don't be the first to ask for a divorce. That's betrayal, okay? Your logic is like this, so I have to sympathize with this objection, right? is not it?
They didn't even show the trailer ㅠㅠ Why wait a week?
Don't be fooled by them, the Chinese actually don't like them. Spending money on reporters creates the illusion that they are welcome in China.
It's really changed a lot, it's gotten uglier.
I should give a plaque of appreciation to Wonju citizens Jang Dong-min. My hometown is Asan, but I promoted it to put down roots in Wonju.
Hyunbin's eyes are so bad...
Why are you manipulating the timing of your enlistment?... Yoon Doo-jun also has no idea when he will enlist, so the thought of appearing in a drama is quite arrogant.
Why do I only have bruises on my feet, hands, and knees? If I get beaten up, I get bruises on my face and stomach.
Who else was arrested today?
It was fun and the story seemed well written.
Regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, it is not illegal to have consensual sex if you are over 16, so what does it matter... If you have money, it would be better to get married early and have children early and enjoy life in middle age than others.
Goo Hye-sun's nipples weren't sexy... Disappointing...
I miss you.His song. His performance! Come out quickly!
What should I watch today, Alone or My Pretty Noona?
Psy Fighting!!!
To be honest, Oh Dal-su paid for all his sins through movies. Let’s forgive him.
Mate's premarital pregnancy? Are you bragging? I'm revealing it again..lol
Wow, Kim Kyung-jin is getting married too hahahaha
Lee Jeong-jae looks like a grandmother in her 50s or 60s, and compared to Kim Dong-jun, she looks like her father's age.
Ugh, the castle I hate the most to the monster
Watching Lee Seong-woo's aunts is the best - why does he have to watch his whole family too?
A very boring entertainment show with a very boring topicality and a girl from an old girl group is included.
For some reason, Wakku was defeated in first place, and then the rest were destroyed, so I thought this was an idol, and there was a reason. But 3 and 4 were real crimes because even the number of votes was manipulated, but 1 and 2 also probably had requests for camera footage or characters, or something like that. I think so.
Why have you become so pretty? My love❤️❤️❤️
Isn’t it better than the Blacklisted Liberty Korea Party? I invited you to congratulate you, but you reacted too sensitively hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. I hate both the left and the right wing, but the right wing is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one.
As expected, women are the ones who disgrace Korea ㅠㅠ
Why are you accusing Kim Young-hee of your father's debt? Ridiculous...
What kind of idiot is Park Ho-san? Just skip the drama.
You can enjoy it to some extent, but aren't the things you can't enjoy a bit? What are you accusing me of doing wrong? Jung Joon-young, Lee Jong-hyun, and Seungri did nothing wrong! They say that because they can't enjoy it and their stomach hurts.
Look at the bedette. Tsk tsk. Nam director, you guys didn't tear it up and fix it with a face at the level of a natural person. A man like Lee Yong-dae is an absolute neck meeting.
Uni killed by women. Really, Korean women would kill for Sulli's life, but when they see women who are pretty and have good bodies, they can't stop biting them. amazing
SM, which even manipulated Baeksang, stands up. Corruption and corruption in broadcasting, culture, and economy are becoming more serious and failing. It is a manipulation scam. Even though SM is begging for popularity through corruption and manipulation, Moon Jae-in should be brought down without investigation.
I thought he was really Japanese haha, you acted really well ^^
When it's time to go to the old man's house, are you going to take control of the long-distance sword?
I don't want to leave a comment like this, but... nevertheless... Lee Tae-im got married, had a child, and lived well, but then one day, she suddenly came out again saying that I was divorced... but it just occurred to me...
When will Jae-Ang Moon die? Criminals have a long life.
I wish there were 9.9 billion women. Then it would be easy to get married.. since you can choose..
You pour cold water on Park Yoo-chun's concert. This is why I have to be good at meeting women.
Hey girl, you're not old enough to sit there yet. You have no humility.
Donate this money...
Hey, acting is always like that... It's just like that... It doesn't change... It's just like that...
There are a lot of mental illnesses. Anti-Japanese sentiment dominates my brain. But traveling to Japan is a mess.
Why? If this kind of incident is the same as my name, I can post something on SNS... People who don't even look at SNS are busy criticizing it..
Is 45 normal? I'm scared that the kids will follow suit.
One fearless young girl is sending several people. I truly feel like a waste of B.I, whom I have seen since Survival. I am so scared of people like that who let a mentally immature person get close to drugs.
I feel like these people will last a long time.
Did everyone in the world know? Bom Ddabong 677 I don’t know who it is but.. Alone ㅠㅠ
No, you probably have a lot of money, but you should go and cheer in person instead of online... I really only had the expenses, so I wanted to go and follow the schedule and cheer...
BTS Jimin is also in a different class. He is a fan-loving class.
By ordinary people's standards, I don't think it's a small punishment since I lost my job, paid 200 million won and went to live in a cafe for 2 years, right??
It's not a bungeoppang with mom ㅠㅠ It's a pity ㅠㅠ
Wow, she's so pretty... It'll be no joke when she becomes an adult ♡♡
I think Yoo Jae-seok will be whined and force himself to do it. Three meals a day
You'll probably end up~Public opinion is on Hyeseon's side~
The Herald reporters didn't mention their names. Do they really need to use the word 'luxury'? They write articles as if they are jealous. It's funny.
Prosecutor Yoo's methods were wrong... but he lost his parents unfairly when he was young... and he must have a desire for revenge... It's not that I don't understand... I... why do I feel sorry for Prosecutor Yoo... I was also sad about Chief Moon's death...ㅠㅠ
Yui is okay, the mask is okay, the kid is really nice, the historical drama was my idea, but it got buried a bit haha. She's good in modern dramas, she's tall, and it's great for promoting Korea.
They even make Trump and Pope Francis into communists. What the hell did they do to make us live in a different world?
Can you afford it? It's not even 12,000, it might be billions with current money. Even if it's Dok2, it can't compensate you. Let's just wait until it's forgotten and reward it with a good album!
Just like an aunt? Aunty love
Will EXO release an album with the money they earn?
It's pretty. Haha. Are the Okmyamgal bitches upset again? Why are you swearing at me lol Well, I can't get an estimate for your face lol
After all, I married a young woman and had children very quickly. Good.
You're so crazy, are you comforting a Japanese guy?
Are you a creator and not an unemployed person?
Yesterday was definitely no fun~ Let’s focus on the 3rd part~
No matter how fun and popular a show is, the moment girls participate, it turns into a boring laugh-making machine. Keep in mind, the girls are the cause of the boring fun.
There are women who call random people “baby,” and I think that’s sexual harassment too.
Hong Yun-hwa's goal is not 30kg, but I think she needs to lose 50kg for the dress to fit properly... haha ​​I've never seen such a fat bride in the world haha.
I'm not going to attend the pro.
Blaming others is also a mental illness and a low-quality citizen. How can you just pray for the soul of the deceased to rest in peace? If someone dies, is it all others' fault? I'm also disgusted by the parents who try to play politics as if their child's death means something.
You ruined your parents' backs with your heterogeneity, and now you're ruining your husband's backs. You'll be so embarrassed in front of me.
Stop taking care of unemployed sister, send her to work, throw away the heaviest baggage, and have fun. I'm a fan, but I'm about to turn around after seeing you snooping on Baeksook's broadcast.
No, you're asking us to thank an internal post without any basis, and the union that says it's colluding with the government is a far-fetched union... So, if someone within the company writes that there's a lot of corruption and self-inflicted corruption, are you going to criticize and thank us without any basis?
Then apologize to Jung Yonghwa.
A good woman always filters out guest stories.
What is this trash?
Let's go with this hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha it's Korea too
I've been watching it since its debut, and good things have happened, so let's make it a big hit this time and become the biggest star. I always support you and sincerely pray that you do well.
What does it matter whether you change your face or put something on your lips? And if you don't want to reveal whether you really didn't do it or not, it's not something to criticize. If you did it without harming others and spent your own money and time, don't be nervous and do this and that.
It's sad to see how much trouble our Mickey oppa must have had.
"There is no such thing as a ""person"" worthy of being beaten. Do they look like people? Do they think they are people?..."
I said let's give that PD a try and it looks good.
Modulating your voice with a microphone is all fun.
There is a high possibility that it was the influence of a woman 3 years older than me who made it public like that... I'm not going to say anything just to U-Kwon.
Your wife is so pretty
Stop being a bitch and take care of your daughter well.
OOO Taekong who fucks with seashells and those sandals who make a fuss are so fucking funny haha.
A little bit about the amount of Gian... I don't think it's fun when other people appear. I wonder why Han Hye-yeon keeps appearing... Even Park Na-rae is loud enough.
That person with the same name is pretty, but you're the one because of her, so be thankful ‼️‼️
Choi Jin-hyuk’s acting is amazing. I'm tired of acting today
Noh Ji-hoon, Let’s only walk on the flower path. I want to see you in the immortal masterpiece. I cried when I heard the song “Effort.”
Leave Mr. Park out of there. Shin Hye-sun fed them all, and Mr. Park is a shameless thief OOO who brought only a spoon to the prepared table.
I really don't know if Song Hye-kyo is pretty. For your information, I am a 31-year-old male. If you come to my blog, you will know that I am male. But really, I think Jeong Mi-ae is prettier...
Kim Tae-hee's younger sister is getting married, but she's getting married to an ordinary person. Should we know?
This is not ㄹㅇ. Where is the handsome guy? Don't criticize me like that.
Does it make sense to say that this is a wise solution? The celebrity is a hot guy.
I'm sick of altang entertainment
It's wrong to use fireworks, but it's a hiking trail, and there may be people who smoke on that hiking trail...
But this woman is from Gwangju, Jeolla-do.
why? I have the prettiest face right now.
It's not like you held a lighter with a plastic bag on it...
Well, no matter what happens legally, the two will be happy sharing honest love with each other. I support the happiness of the two. I hope Hong Sang-soo's wife can shake off her foolish attachment to other people's hearts and live a healthy life.
It's because of him that Blackpink has a ban on plastic surgery. Stop it.
Park Bo-gum is an ordinary Christian believer.
It may be difficult to be consistent like Choi Soo-jong in 26, but if you give in and be considerate to each other and live similarly, you will reduce fights in half and make your wife happy.
Meanwhile, Jisung is still advertising Uniqlo...
If business is going well, it's better to move to a good neighborhood. If that's the case, even if you get 20,000 won in Gangnam, people eat it. 9,000 won is really volunteer work. Even Baek Jong-won's Chain Dang has no Godliness at all.
I'm not interested in either of them haha. It's amazing that this article came out.
The joker-style mouth shape with the big, raised corners of the mouth is scary haha.
Thanks to Judge Jo Ara, the image of women has gotten worse :(Why did you make such an unprecedented ruling??
I just don't want to read the article, but Kahi is really pretty. Just look at her face.
I'm jealous of Park Seong-hoon....... xx is Hyangdan more than Chunhyang... I'm really jealous^^
There are no comments.........
The real thing has appeared!! I’m looking forward to Throne’s comeback!
1. Scratching a person’s face with a fingernail is murder of character, and 2. Is the video a hidden camera? I have no idea about the Megalians.
I really hate Park Yoo-ha. A typical person who ruins everyone's relationships. The ultimate in frustration. I wish my good mother-in-law would blow her cider once.
No, what kind of advertisement is this? You can find out on your own. Do we even have to cover your vitiligo in an article? Are you going to talk about constipation? Just stop it.
The happiest person these days must be Oh Chang-seok. As I look at Lee Chae-eun, I can see the happiness in her eyes. Anyone can see that Lee Chae-eun is lovely and pretty.
My husband is younger... there doesn't seem to be much of an age difference between the two... I guess it's like the power of two sets...
Why didn’t Kyungheon come out?
What should I do about tax evasion?
It’s nice to see loyalty~~~~
Who leaves malicious comments? Women were called the worst generation of the 80s.
Please take photos without drama or embarrassment, model Han Ye-seul. How you feel now must be how the staff felt at the time, right?
Just take a break~~ Take a deep breath~~~~~~~~
The music stage is the winner. It guarantees the longest viewership ratings.
Jaewon, a beautiful woman 9 years younger than her who works at a large company... Please don't write things like this. Why does that have to be in the article? so boring
When Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo went on an overseas business trip, there was a great article. I was a fan, but I was disappointed.
I push you hard, but I only use it in times like this. Anyway, you have an amazing past~
Crush really knows how to have a social life... It was great to see it^^
Lee Chae-yeon's mother-saeng kim...
This drama is boring compared to previous works....
Japanese monkeys, go to your country!
It’s okay to have MeToo once in your life, right? lol
Are you a bastard who wrote Ewan McGregor thinking he was Ewan McGregor?
I only learned enough to get into composition, but now I feel like I can't play any better than that.
Let’s leave out Park Kyung-rim.
I can’t watch Song Joong-ki’s drama movies anymore~
I don't know who it is, but I hope you like it
But why are the men who have never worn a bra foaming and making such a fuss? Haha, they say they are not interested, but the percentage of comments on every article are Korean men in their 20s, 30s, and 40s hahaha On the topic of men who have never worn a bra
An American who didn't even go to the military is making money in Korea?
I caught a girl haha. It's so easy for women to make money.
Dad, why did you come out of there? Jung Kyung-ho is cool~
Let’s get married to the sunfish!
Heungkuk, you lived a long time.
Broadcasting is a scripted production.
Wow, if you've been in a relationship for as long as you have, you'll do really well haha.
No fun!!!!!!!!!!Lee Byung-hun is getting too old....
Would it have been a problem even if Lim Chang-jung or Kim Gura had done that instead of Ha Yeon-soo? Stop pulling young women’s hair, save the woman~~~~~
Judging by the lack of malicious comments, it’s not a trend yet… Work hard.
Worst KBS weekend drama
The problem is that something like this is reported in the news.
Fantastic Elastic
Jeon Hyun-moo? Jo Se-ho? Tell me to choose?? He throws up
I wish I hadn't seen him on TV. ㅡ ㅡ
Henry only came out when he was free. He didn't come out. It's not like he's on a regular basis, so take him out. It's more fun because he comes out.
Baek Jong-won, pay attention to the taste of your restaurant. The food is prepared in a sloppy manner and there is a lot of chatter here and there...
It's so obvious that I put some hair on my forehead hahahahahahaha
Shinji is just my style!!!!! Fighting!!!!!! Coyote, have fun!!!!!!
Oh, Petri got married? Haha congratulations ^^
You're getting prettier wow
I'm pregnant and I have to stop my activities.
I want to see PSY dancing in a swimsuit and shaking his butt.
Why are you so worried about your ex-wife... -, - It's just that Song Yoon-ah is busy, or is the reporter bothered to post her Instagram account?? Just think about it...?? I think Song Yuna is awesome and I support her!!
How can you be that handsome?
I didn't wash the stockings I wore.
Please call Manager Seungyoon Lee again. I don't understand why the relationship between two people who have good chemistry is ruined by bringing up their past history at this point. Is it normal to get hungry when you're doing well?
Wow, Oh Young-joo, did you post something like that on Instagram today because the recording is tomorrow? Look at the image management, it's a bitch.
Jongkook is getting better, but his face is not the same.
When I see Korean women swearing, Song Hye-kyo is a really great person. I support her.
Would it be a twist if Ahn Nae-sang was the culprit?
Hey human being
How did Max Changmin die so suddenly?
IU is so pretty. It’s also fun to see IU’s pretty hair and styling in every episode.
She seems to be the second most beautiful woman in Korea after Kim So-yeon.
If someone had an accident and a medical accident occurred... where is the hospital?
Song Kang-ho: Oh my, Mi-seon, you have a plan to die, right?
It's really awesome...
If Kim Woo-bin didn't have nasopharyngeal cancer, he would have already fallen apart.
No, the sound of the door is the problem now?! It was so noisy because of the room upstairs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I feel relieved after seeing the big bang bitches pics hahaha Don’t you look in the mirror?
People who watch I Live Alone (Special) I don't have any plans so I sit alone in the corner of the room and giggle while watching I Live Alone.
Crush is so cute haha
But the girl is really pretty. If that girl's first love is Jeong Gyu-woon, then Jeong Gyu-woon is a true winner.
Yoo Jae-seok has a set number of members that he always follows around.
I understand Kim Jung-hyun's feelings. He only ruined his image as an actor by continuing to film with idols. In that respect, Park Seo-joon is smart, but he doesn't film with idols. He filmed with Song Ji-hyo from the first drama.
Women with big eyes like that like men with small eyes. Men with small eyes look handsome. That's me.
Seoul National University is much harder to get into than KAIST?
When I look at Han Ji-min and Ji-sung's flashback scene, I can sympathize with them getting married and life becoming hectic, so they get used to the familiar and lose their preciousness. The OST song keeps coming to mind. The night we danced under the moonlight ~ The day when the stars also shined on us ~
I hate the sight of women with moles. Why do people wear moles these days?
Looking at the photo, I would believe that Baek Jong-won and So Yoo-jin are the fathers.
They're doing everything they can to cover up Jang Je-won's son lol.
Oh Yeon-seo is an actress, but Ahn Jae-hyun is an entertainer. I'm really bad at acting, but I can't concentrate. If you're going to use an entertainer, use Lee Seung-gi.
Is 33 a young person? Aren’t you uncle?
If you apologize sincerely, the idiots will forgive you over time haha.
Geonmo should wear everyday clothes and hairstyle...don't be too clown-like and have a stuck-up concept...the bride who gets her cute outfit back as cute seems to be intentional...joh...that's right...
Was it my husband’s fault? Was it her fault? They’re funny, haha.
This bitch is so shameless that she went to America for refusing to film. Haha.
I think Hyun Bin will be remembered as Yoo Jin-woo, whose acting surpasses that of Kim Joo-won haha.
To be honest, it's random, but I like both actors, so it's okay for them to date~~
43.1.. Do you want to show that you gained weight because you are happy? Or pregnant... pregnant?
what? I'm shocked... this is ridiculous. A married man or a woman?
It's a pity that he has a small physique, but G-Dragon is really cool.
The person I hate the most is Hyun Bin and Son Ye-jin.
Is this friend’s cancer cured?? It would be a big deal if I moved it...
This is such a lovely testimony..!!
What kind of disgrace is this because of one psychotic crazy woman??
Next time, gugudan. Do whatever you can.
How dare you mess with God. Should I explode it?
Is Jeongjun a celebrity? Is there a work that was postponed within 10 years after whining about not being able to pay the rent? Worst of all
Mr. Pilmo, stop spinning and it will break. I'm really worried.
I write about everything in articles. It’s too much.
Who said Lee Chang-seop's attitude wasn't that good lol?
Did you fight with Seohyun?
If you want to drink, drink only to yourself and be punished for the crime you committed.
He is a person who got divorced and sold his ex-wife's daughter. Didn't he trick her into saying it was his daughter? He must have lied to Ye-eun and made her attend the briefing session to gain trust from believers. Ye-eun knew about it for a different reason.
Elimination is the answer for the patriarchal system.
He has a good personality, and both Yoon Jong Shin and his family like it haha. That's why there are a lot of people who are jealous, so I hope they take the time to improve their lives.
Korean women over 40 years old are virtually useless as they cannot get pregnant and are subject to separate collection.
Even if Park Myung-soo is like that, what is Kim Je-dong doing with his hunchbacks over there? Hahahahahahahaha
evil woman of necessity
Expected... I returned to Korea, but Hyung-seok's father threatened and tried to take over the company, so I went back to Granada to see the end.
I've never seen someone who threw away their prestige and became successful.. Why don't they do something like that.. tsk tsk tsk.
The atmosphere is really pretty and the face is pretty too.
Seongwoo Lee is so boring
What I'm really curious about is what did this guy say that kept him ranked #1 on real-time search all day long?? Is it because of the National Assembly’s kindergarten suspension? Is this an order from the Blue House due to the Kim Tae-woo incident??
Haha, I know it's all about fixing things, but what about jealousy?
Things that have never been in a relationship will teach you something lol. If you have never been in a relationship, just stay still like me... (tears)
Among Italian pizzas, there is a pizza called marinara. Look at that first. It doesn't have that kind of visual, but it's a simple pizza without the mozzarella cheese we know.
How long has it been since I last saw you look like an actor? Just looking at their faces kills Song Hye-kyo's classy face.
Honestly, even if I lose weight, I can't help my basic appearance.
Ugh, I didn't do what the girls told me to do and just watched dramas.
Do third-rate actors also make news about their romantic relationships? Who cares?
So nice, so nice
When are you going to get off Gian? I’m not going to live alone because of you.
Expulsion? He has the money and educational background. Even if he gets paid the most, he will live better than someone like me who has a strong law-abiding spirit even if he doesn't become a singer.
It's really hard to be a celebrity. There are things that must be disclosed as a public figure, but there are also private things that must be protected as a person other than a public figure. Let's keep the line
body is sexy
I think the child is really pretty!!!!! They seem to be very similar to each other, so I think they both have a lot of talent and talent. Even though the baby is still young, I'm really curious about what he will be like in the future!!!
You look the same as before. . .
Why did you follow me when I told you to follow me to the inn?? LOL
Ramiran Ramiran daughter cub
Hey, whoever is interested, reporter, no one is interested in this woman.
Broadcast images cannot be trusted. How do you know if your daughter-in-law will go crazy, kimchi?
Lesne haha
I was surprised..
I expected so much, but it's still annoying. What's wrong with so many characters? They're not evenly distributed. And it ends..In the end, Thanos was the strongest? I'm sorry for the spoiler, but if you're as excited as I am, it probably won't work out.
Divorce news will appear soon.
I came here looking forward to SHINee's Minho... If you know the name of the man in the photo with the amazing sign on it, please tell me.
Honestly, the song was really good. If only Jung Joon-young and these guys hadn't done what they were told not to do. .It’s a shame as an artist.
‘Don’t let these two broadcast!!!’ I don't want to see you
As expected, she is the daughter of Miss Korea, so she is pretty~~!
Liked 2 and disliked 2 Now I just like it
Even if it gets criticized like this, when it comes out, it will be #1 on the music charts~
Jang Shin-young has to take care of it so Kang Kyung-jun will be like an old man.
Isn’t it the same with Jangbaekji and his parents? Whether his brothers and sisters are different from each other or his mother is different.. he’s crazy..
The male and female protagonists fit together so well, like real lovers.
My friend is also very funny. I am horrified to see her act as if there is no camera. She is wearing an outfit that doesn't suit her and is wearing a wedding ring. It looks like she is trying to meet a good man. I don't think so. Conservative and progressive, I am standing still. I am at least halfway there. That is exactly right.
YG Director, but he might be a good person. What is certain is that the agency's image has deteriorated after being quiet, so the fact that it keeps appearing here and there and being featured in articles is probably not due to a whim. That's not good.
Why are my clothes like that?
Just reading the article brings tears to my eyesㅜㅜ
Ah, it was fun to watch, but it doesn’t mean the show will be canceled??? What kind of fuss is this because of one staff member?
What's wrong with someone who left to find love?? When you have someone you love, isn't it natural to go there? You guys like EXO, then you moved to BTS, then you went to Wanna One, and the point is, if you do it and do it with someone else, is it adultery?!
Song Chang’s Lee Yu-ri is so good.
Do these people who call people ignorant based on their incorrect writing of the Korean alphabet know the Korean alphabet perfectly?
Fact: Yook Ji-dam is much better than the people writing here haha.
Violence, no matter the reason, should not be justified. I think it's really crazy that several men assaulted two women because they were beaten.
Since my connections in the entertainment industry are so good, I think I will be able to return~
A woman is destined to be a man's hand anyway... And since she was born as a man, she also becomes a woman. Another big name in the Korean film industry is disappearing because of one or two bitches!
Lose weight! Died suddenly from a heart attack! But is he popular enough to be plastered all over the room? I don’t know who he is.
If we've been together for 2 years... I think we'll even know the locations of moles on each other's bodies haha.
Female celebrities who smoke cigarettes
Just like my brother! The kids are so cute
Isn't this the kimchi girls' wannabe? Haha, marrying a rich man? Haha. But you know that you can't do it, right??
It's not fun at all.
Even Park Na-rae ㅡㅡ
Go Hyun-jung, that's why she's getting divorced.
It's so easy to find people these days, but regular people are better at finding people than that. Pros aren't as fun or exciting as they used to be.
Yewon was pitiful
Boni Hani production crew, please come and see us. I'll play a prank on you. Since you are more adult than Chaeyeon, I will give you a full swing not on your shoulders but on your chin. Of course it's a joke.
People don't change easily. Broadcasting companies that tell people to kill people to make money, or Kwon Sang-hoon who pretends to have changed... In the trailer, there was a surprise visit and scolding again, tsk tsk.
Daniel Henney, my husband, my man ~♥
Celebrities, just shut up. They are using people’s deaths to gain popularity.
Good job Jessica. It's not nice to see people filming weird commercials and making a fuss. lol
How many times have I seen this trash? Don't go into the mountain again and come out.
BTS is now obsolete, go away now haha
May the deceased rest in peace.
Rather than being friendly, I think he wants to build connections somehow because he was treated like an idiot during school lunches, but it's become a habit.
Do people who say this movie is boring have no feelings? What more do they want? If they are dissatisfied, they can make a movie themselves.
Yoo Jae-seok Chaebol Indie
Let's go to Son Dam-bi as a fixture in Alone~~Overflowing with charm~
The drama was ruined
It's not Yang Se-hyung. If it's Seung-gi, it's Seong-jae Ji. Se-hyung's acting up is one thing. The song isn't real. It was so nice to be able to listen to Seung-gi's song.
wow! Really big tits!!!! I can't break my heart~ It's okay~ It's okay~~ Ugh
‘Chocolate’ is so boring ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
Really, Juri Hwasa noona, I love her easy-going appearance every time she broadcasts, and the way she always shines on stage is also cool... That's why I became Mumu... Let's just keep walking on the flower path from now on!!!
Park Bo-gum is not a cult. He is more popular than BTS.
To be honest, she looks cute, has a nice personality, and has a nice body.. If I have a boyfriend like this, I'll just go out with him even if my parents feel the death penalty.
But aren't women swearing at Goo Hara? Men are in the position of asking Goo Hara out unconditionally because she's pretty lol.
It's really embarrassing haha. Westerners think all Asians are ugly like that.
I think I'm losing money because I'm not the type to hide it. It's pretty, but it doesn't seem to work out well, so I always support the sad actor~
I feel sorry for Na Kyung-eun, his daughter who married the ugly Yoo Jae-seok.
The ladies, the women, the drama junkies, I don't want to believe it because Kang Ji-hwan's image is good, so I didn't get any results in the comments... so they plastered the bed with bullshit like he was a snake.
It looks so different from when I said I loved each other with actress Go Yi Eun-joo.
Haha, celebrities have started managing their images haha.
It's the human mind that you don't want to look good when you get older. These guys have earned a lot from advertising revenue, so they spend money on their faces and take care of them, so of course they are good for gold and alcohol. That's the way it is with all people. No matter how pretty and handsome you are, if you don't take care of yourself, the other person will dislike you.
The setting of suddenly falling asleep in a car is too contrived. When Seonghyun oppa calls, he answers in his sleep, "Huh?"... The more I watch the drama, the more he replies.
Bangjajeon is the best. I don't know if it tastes better~~It's the best scene of my life~~~~!!!!!!!
Jo In-sung’s acting is so bad ㅇㅈ??
It's just as it should be! It's truly beyond rescue! Tsk tsk
Fun IU acting fun
The person with a similar image is Hwang Soo-jeong.
Woman in her 20s and 30s: (Thump thump thump) Gulp!!!!!!
Those who mock things like that are a bunch of idiots.
Who is Kim Min-seo?
I worked hard on filming tuna commercials, ㅡㅡ
Are women in their 30s so interested in military stories when they don’t even go to the military?? What are the top 3 stories you hate the most??
Hmm... It seems like Song Joong-ki is in a hurry to get divorced... I guess Song Hye-kyo just wanted to prevent divorce...
The son's face = the mother's face. The son looks a lot like his mother. If you want to have a handsome son, meet this woman haha.
You’re young.
Why is there so much useless content today?
Why do ordinary people appear in entertainment articles?
Why is this being criticized? Anyway, I'm Jongteuk, a Korean who can't stand to see others doing well haha.
Yes, that's right, marriage is no joke ~What? Treatment for depression? Goo had a hard time as much as Ahn Jae-hyun.
First kiss? I think it was last time.
If I come out in military uniform, am I a criminal? If Moon Jae-in came out with artificial flags on his favorite people's uniform, it would go up. LOL.
To be honest, Minah is somewhere in the middle. She is short and her bust is weak. I can't act, I can't sing... But I think I liked it better when I saw her face before her debut...
Crazy, everyone said it was K.Will ㄷㄷㄷ
Well then..... A beautiful child died and I wasn't a fan in particular, but she was pretty every time I saw her. She had a clear opinion and she was like this. Well then... I'm just sorry that I couldn't protect her....
I recommend actor Lee Gye-in. I think there are a lot of interesting topics. It would be so much fun to meet Lee Deok-hwa and Lee Gyeong-gyu. Please invite Lee Gye-in.
What a big deal it is that a professional goes to the Asian Games where only amateurs compete and wins.
I just wish we could date again.
Even my mom, who doesn't know much about singers these days, likes Jaebum. When I asked her where she saw Jaebum and liked him, she saw him on Show Me the Money and it turned out to be Jin Kook haha. So she knows Gray and Jaebeom very well. Haha, the company knows about AOzzy as well. lol
It feels like I'm watching some foreign movie.
Honestly, isn’t Suzy doing better?
Isn’t it a setting? Why does it look like a weird setting? Haha
Kids these days are tall, so 52-23 looks prettier than 48.
We were just born in the wrong era. The Bomin Korean era will end with the next administration. Then, you can make a proud comeback. Fighting Kim Saeng-min!!!
This is all because the president did politics wrong.
Wow, Korea’s obesity rate is so fucking disgusting.
Although I made a mistake, I also feel sorry for the person whose life fell to the bottom due to a momentary mistake.
I have the ability, but it would be nice if I married a woman in her 20s.
I don't even have a dual income, so why should I go to such lengths to take care of my child?
I just don't want to look at it
If you learned something from watching the Running Man program, it is a program where all members are not desperate.
When you think of Lee Hyori, the first thing that comes to mind is Yugo Girl. Don't hang out with that ugly guy who looks like the inside of a dumpling. Who are you, Hyori? Sangsoon? No, no, I mean Kim Je-dong.
If you reach a settlement with a traffic accident victim, you will not be subject to criminal punishment, so I don't know why you are criticizing Noel for paying a generous settlement and successfully reaching an agreement haha.
I escaped the shipwreck successfully. But Mina also has no presence in AOA, so I don't know if she'll do well elsewhere. Now, let’s make up our minds to study and get a job.
We may break up in life. I should be nice to my daughter. Park Ip-seon is also meeting a new man, right?
The reason why well-off kids do drugs is because sex is already common for them and they cannot provide stimulation, so they look for greater stimulation and end up like this.
Isn't it okay for them to be happy among themselves? wish me happiness
Just the Gangnam counter top....!
By the way, you should know that the ladies are watching dramas and saying goodbye lol You don't watch Seo Hyun-jin because she's dead? It's a shame I can't see it. It's obvious that I'll be glued to the TV next week as well.
I felt so sorry for Han Hye-jin. We should never have met in the first place.
I like Ham So-won
Women who have nothing to do are always dissatisfied with fat women. You are a red fan.
Cheer up, Han Go-eun! btw What is Hannam-chung's post below?? Ugh... Go live your whole life as a single father without being able to date... You have no right to marry a woman.
What kind of idiots are watching this??? Does it give them vicarious satisfaction??? LOL
I wish there was a talk show with Jeong Seon-hee and Kim Young-cheol~ㅋㅋㅋㅋ I enjoyed it because it was honest and witty^^
When I was that age, when I gained weight, I weighed 43 kg. At that height. I took a picture and posted it to show off.
The child is cute~~ ^^
What kind of pride is standing on the side of right-wingers? Thanks to you, I got to see Rhee Syngman, Park Chung-hee, Chun Doo-hwan, Roh Tae-woo, Kim Young-sam, Lee Myung-bak... trash devils.
They're trying to increase the number of views with a provocative title. I feel bad.
I don't know either, but it seems like the man is more precious^^ And it's better to skip the Korean women haha.
It's clear that it's a well-made drama, seeing as they're so excited about it.
My clothes are barely showing off~~
Minkyung Kim Looks like she's still stuffing food into her mouth
Has the guilt-by-association system been abolished? Assuming it's true, Dok2 must have lived in fucking poverty and didn't know, so why the fuck? It's because you guys showed up rudely first haha.
It's like a woman presses everything when she's angry, , ,, if you admit it, you're up, ,,
Homosexuality advocacy broadcasts are uncomfortable.
Please get off, stop making headlines, tell me not to pay attention to my family, what are reporters and broadcasts doing?
Go So-young seems to have no aura compared to her name value.. Kim Tae-hee, Jeon Ji-hyun, and even Ha Ji-won are making Suzy popular.. If you look at that picture, Jennie and the girl on the left are prettier.
To be honest, I admit that they are doing well, but it seems cowardly for a fox to rule only when there is no tiger.
What's wrong with Suzy lol? It's ridiculous. Who is suing whom? Suzy did nothing wrong. Stop apologizing and JYP should do some work ㅡㅡ Did you sue the person who posted the petition? Did Suzy post it or did you mention the business name?
My friend also had a haircut yesterday. Please post an article.
Wow... Balamgura Palace is a place where you can't go anywhere. Even though the story is a bit dull, the boyfriend's emotional line is as deep as 1,000 meters, and he's a perfect KO winner. This is...I have nothing to say. Anyone who has completed both is irrefutable.
Who would do that? Something else. I've known about difficult things since long ago.
Is 8th place in the whole school a big thing? Is 1st to 7th place something in the world? They make a lot of fuss, they are stupid, they are people who only know the taste of money, women, and men.
What about Yoon Eun-hye??? You bad bastard
Orcs with ugly faces are raving in the comments again.
Chief Moon gives a big clue to Detective Gad Dong-suㅠYoo Si-jun is the devilㅠHe kills all innocent people.
It's not like I'm going to get married, it's like I'm in a relationship, I'm such a waste of women.
How come there's no news of Burt Reynolds' death in the entertainment news?
You two are doing so well. Get rid of the puffy skin under your eyes.
Looking at the comments, it seems like our country's scholars are still running rampant. It's yours to be stuck in a box like that for the rest of your life^^ Right?
What are the male and female leads doing?
Nothing has been revealed about Hyun Bin, so why are you getting criticized? If Hyun Bin was like that on a regular basis, we would share it together on KakaoTalk. It wasn't a group chat, it was just the two of us on KakaoTalk. When I looked at other public KakaoTalk messages, only the names of other actors were mentioned, and Hyun Bin wasn't there either. What can you say about what has been revealed?
The ladies come again and make a fuss hahaha.
Except for Kim Ji-won, all the other actors seemed to have great acting...
Get off . It's not annoying to act while receiving a script. They're a real couple, so just quietly date. Money is good, but from the viewer's point of view, both are useless and I just don't want to watch them.
He thinks he is Rodaju..
Please, ladies, let’s take good care of ourselves.
Even though there's so much criticism, there are still a lot of people who watch it. You don't have to watch it. What's the viewership rating?
Even if there aren't many guests, I'll be watching it because of Cha Tae-hyun.
I know it's a daughter...
Hong Jin-kyung, why is your hair like that? Is this a corset removal? I've never seen pretty girls take off their corsets.
Why don’t you get that leg box out of there? Hey, this Jongganna is going to pretend to eat breakfast.
Wow..I saw my grandmother in a drama and she passed away in the end ㅜㅜㅜPlease refrain and may her soul rest in peace.
Even in the last game in the past, it was very awkward because the main character was Son Ji-chang, who is not good at basketball. Park Hyung-jun did really well. At the time, he was a starting player in middle school club basketball.
debt to debt debt to debt debt to debt
What's wrong with Yonsei University? I don't think it's worse than New York University haha.
Jeong Mi-ae, fighting, you’re pretty.
Junhee, you are pretty and not awkward at all. As a fan of Jinsil and a mother of two daughters, Junhee is so pretty and amazing..
I said these guys weren't my type and they weren't fun, but the ladies flocked to me like dogs lol.
How can it be this much fun?
You both are really cool. I hope you’re happy~
I thought Kangin only played soccer.
sugar wizard
It's funny... You took off the Sewol ferry ribbon... Do celebrities do politics? The Sewol Ferry is political enough. Unlucky and disgusting
Yang Se-jong looks fat?
A man can do that, there is distribution in this world these days.
I had a personal interview and why was it called corruption??? In fact, there are many ordinary people who meet professors personally.
Please don't come out. I really want to see Will Avengers, but I can't.
Wow, I've seen actor Cha's musical a few times and he was so charismatic and cool. I hope you overcome well and come back to the stage.
It's funny. The scene where Cha Seon-hee is nursing all night long made me cry. I hope next week comes quickly.
Ugh, I was all in tears and they said it was my daughter.. ㅠ
Don’t turn demobilization into a general discharge.
There is no such thing as a mop
Isn't this the face of sexual harassment? LOL
Wow, it’s really hip-hop now. If you do hip-hop, you have to drink weed at least once.
One Table’s conclusion: In the end, beauty is more important than taste!!!
Let's go eat beans and rice
I guess they were close friends
I won't forget it. The Hannam killed Sulli.
Jeon Hyun-moo..... Who suggested breaking up first? I’m really curious (I’m really curious. I’m really thinking, but wouldn’t Han Hye-jin come first?) It’s cool♡♡
Was this a drama? I thought it was crazy lol
Hye-kyo, stay strong!
It's going so far~ I let it float a bit.ㅉㅉ
I saw Lee Sang-ah at the KINTEX exhibition hall last month! Celebrities are definitely on a different level! Even as time goes by, she is really pretty. She used to be a top teen star... Are you haters qualified to comment on Lee Sang-ah?
It's frustrating, but the two seem close, so I don't think Yeon-kyung would want that kind of reaction... If it's really uncomfortable, she'll cut it.
Women are divided into categories like this: Park Bo-young > Lee Na-young > Seolhyun = Irene >>>> Lee Tae-im > = Clara
Now that you are free from being a villain, I hope you become an even better actor.
Wow, sure enough, I expected it when I saw the title, but the bitches in the comments were leaving hateful comments. On the other hand, if the bride was 9 years older than me, these bitches would have sucked me like crazy.
Yes, the person who hung out with Daum Cheol-gu
Thank you.. I will do my best.. I feel like I wrote this reluctantly because I was lazy~~~
You did a good job, but it feels like you're trying to wash your image, wondering why you should feel so bad about it.
Now I'm gone~~ This pain that leaves everything. Because of bullying, my image has fallen. T~~Ara. Live~~~ everything. It's all over now. Standing alone~~I’m thirsty and singing~~
Enough with the hateful comments... They say men and women love each other ♥️... Let's not call Gamnara Baenara. Are you going to buy me a housekeeper? Are you going to buy it for me instead of home appliances? Just figure it out.. What are you going to eat tomorrow? Ramen again ㅜㅜ
Look at Sohee’s fashion sense.. Although she has been famous for a long time, she seems to dress neatly as well as her physical appearance.
Even if I change the photo and post the article, she still looks like an aunt... I feel sorry for her haha.
I live in the US. If you ask about BTS, no one will know. Don't do anything that will hit you while drunk. Oh, Samsung knows everything.
Real women seem to hate anything over 50 kg.
Dieted for twelve months?? haha
Trust and filter out feminists.
G-Dragon, no matter who says shit, fighting! Your abilities are like a national treasure!
It's not a crime to return to Sunye, and if you don't like it, you can just move on. What's the level of criticism? Fans say it's great and welcome it, but why are people who aren't even fans criticizing her while making excuses for the original girl? LOL If you don't like it, don't leave a comment and get out of there.
Immersion and tension are the best. It's been a long time since I last saw a masterpiece. Chu Ja-hyun's maternal acting was good, and the scene where Targon appears was also great. Song Joong-ki's final ending makes me look forward to tomorrow even more.
I can't watch it because of Kim Ji-hoon.
Kim Hee-cheol * Min Kyung-hoon (Knowing Brother) = Water sportswear brand Mistral
Is the V-neck in the solar plexus real? LOL 5 shots of Gato Soline Cover
They can't go out and they get jealous.
I know it's hard for office workers who work hard to earn 200 a month, but you shouldn't target others just because they have a lot of money. If you cut them off, your life will only be ruined.
The truth game has begun between the member in question and his agency, so let’s not criticize the remaining 4 members on the bulletin board. Please~
Yewon, it was nice to meet you. Please show a more mature mind and be as active as before. go for it!!
I'm really enjoying it
ㅇㄴ Cbang They didn't do drugs or sexually harass you, but they still respect you because they don't feel sorry for you. They even added sarcasm to the headline of the article saying that a female celebrity didn't dare to look funny.
No one should go to the port.
When you raise a child, please think deeply...deeply...about what direction this country should truly go in! This current administration... Isn't it true that you are unconditionally siding with it?
choux. cheer up. never. Don't gamble
I hope Kim Jung-hoon doesn't come out. I don't have any feelings about him. He seems like a person who came out to make money.
What bullshit?
There is no table to sit on, so I have to sit at least in the pregnant women's seat. Is a pregnant woman a government official? My legs hurt.
Park Hanbyul is so pretty❤️
wolf fox coyote
It's perfect for the left and feminists to instigate and take advantage of it. It's more about emotion than logic.
Stop being a nuisance at tourist attractions in other countries...
Am I wrong on both sides? I need to introduce polygamy in our country. It's a waste for an attractive person like me to only have one woman. It's unfortunate for women and an economic loss. If the system is changed, I want to date about 30 people and change it every day.
The enemy of a woman is a woman. Why is there full makeup on here? Is it a crime to wear full makeup? Jang Ja-yeon is buried like this again.
I'm in awe of Kimonhal... once you see it, you can't stop...
I thought it was fun when I saw it in person at the time, but it was such a cool thing to do.
Compared to the interior of the house, the outside background is not that good. I guess I live on a lower floor. Water came in during the typhoon and the house was flooded.
The woman's body is amazing. The man is a bit lacking in looks.
So, Choi Jong-beom is the death penalty? Drunk driving, threats, violence, home invasion, revenge porn are all applicable, but if it's not the death penalty, you're considered a man.
In any case, it was a good thing that Kim Young-hee, who had no obligation to repay, came forward and reached an amicable agreement with the victim, but I guess she was anxious about not being able to criticize him. The injured party also agreed.
Seeing that Hwasa Park Bom has the highest comment share, I believe it to be a pro.
The deceased Sewol Ferry Salvation Sect leader Yoo Byeong-eon seems to have been reincarnated as his nephew-in-law's daughter.
If you lose 18 kilos, they will applaud you. If you just eat whatever you want and sleep on TV, you will just gain 18 kilos.
I don't know why there are so many malicious comments on this article. I can't sympathize with them at all and they seem to be people with an inferiority complex who are making malicious comments because they are jealous. As a woman, I am very embarrassed.. Let's take more care of ourselves while writing negative comments.
I pooped and fell asleep.
Yeeun is really amazing... I respect you
O'Carroll's suffering continues!
Hahahahahahahaha It sounds like they may turn Han Seo-hee into a psychopath if things go wrong in the future... Dear YG,,, I hope they get delisted...
Don't you feel sorry for the fans of martial arts? It's so boring... I wish they would stop giving a shit about the support they've received so far and stop abolishing it.
It's not that he disappeared, it's that Chansung is no longer visible...
They raised me at TV Chosun.
It is absolutely impossible for Jin-woo and Seol-ah, who did something wrong, to reunite. Jin-woo must pay for the sins of misbehaving his mother and cheating. Moon Tae-rang is a person of character and truly loves Seol-ah. I hope Tae-rang and Seol-ah get married~^^
I feel sorry for the animals left behind after filming Three Meals a Day, so I will never watch Na Young-seok's production again.
It's not a crime by association, so what's Madat's crime? If you settle the debt and come to an agreement with the victims, Madat, please come back to the city fishermen. Something is missing without Madat.
I am also married to a Chinese man and living in another country, but compared to Chinese women, Chu Ja-hyun is not even close to finding a husband~~ She is just cute, cute~~
Why is this happening? This is really an affair, so what are you going to do with it later?
But I just can't watch a drama with Park Bo-gum...
I took off my makeup, but I normally have a gentle face, but the eye makeup made me look harsh. It's a gentle face.
Lee Min-ho's associates? What is this article? Is Lee Min-ho a scoundrel? Did Lee Min-ho leak it? Please give me some money
I'm sorry
A woman who works at a place like that suffers every day because something like that happened to her? That would make a dog laugh. Aren't these people who like to go out a second time if they give them money? And it's not even a prostitution establishment? Even prostitution establishments are not called prostitution establishments but are prostitution businesses? That’s ridiculous.
The person who will become the child's mother...
Is it really just one person?
Why is he so upset again.. He lives quietly.. He’s such a bastard.
Jung Woo-sung is now a public relations ambassador for UN refugees, but that's right. These assholes who don't even know what to wear are arguing and being a bitch haha. They are idiots who won't even make eye contact in front of Jung Woo-sung.
Haha, you're still pretty. You're even prettier. Ukeyo. Congratulations on getting rid of the fat. I'm rooting for you.
Raise your child well~ Are you proud of your divorce?
There are many cases where the person who first discloses to the media and is interviewed sucks.
What's so fucking funny here is that there's no criticism, there's just a comment saying it's amazing that you gained 18 kilos, but no one can see that you're being pricked by the comment, so you're getting criticism that you shouldn't have to get, feminists.
Did the writer also offer sexual favors? I heard it somewhere and know it all, but it’s just a joke.
Ugh... It's a pity to think that if you train your child so hard at an age where he can run around and play for a long time, he will learn 4 languages ​​at that age... and will suffer from his parents' education fever in the future.
Looking at the comments here, most of them are women in their 30s. Now, it breaks my heart. Aren’t the people who wrote the most malicious comments also women in their 30s?
Why am I so grateful? Instead of using this kind of thing, please write about fine dust prevention methods.
How much longer will the Jeong Center’s disfavor survive on Unflow?
You have to show me something properly to confirm it.
Lee Seong-mi is also funny. Why are you talking about it now? You seem angry after creating a person to kill. That's why I don't know about the relationship between men and women. Only they know.
Does anyone know who they are?? lol
It wasn't a one-sided assault, it was a two-sided assault, but the article is written like this.
Shin Tae-yong's impromptu reporting, “I just need to reap the meaning of Yujong.” Haha, is that a good result for you? What if I tell you that you coached the game well because the public opinion was so bad that the players played with all their might and, with a bit of luck, came to their senses and charged forward and won the game?
Oh really.. Kids these days are really keen on self-protection. I think it was a joke... Ha Seon-ho, he could have done that at the time... I feel bad for the way he looks at the beggar.
Now that you're old enough, why don't you marry me?
I didn't even believe it in the first place~ Don't worry, cheer up! I’m rooting for you~ PD Na Young-seok~Jung Yu-mi~^^
Has Lee Hwijae finally left? I didn't watch it because I didn't want to see Lee Hwi-jae, but I guess I'll have to watch it again~
Celebrities earn well, of course, they earn well enough to donate a lot, but doesn't the fact that they donated have meaning in itself? I don't think it's fair to say, but there are many celebrities who don't donate even though they earn much more.
Always fresh. Never gets bored with changing guests. Fans of Kim Wan-sun and uninvited people find her a nuisance. She always stays in Bangkok and only eats prepared food, so I hated her.
Why else would you give up Salvation? Is Park Jin-young guilty? It's not like the Yang Eun faction or the Chilseong faction. Aren't the pigs and dogs that wear yellow ribbons brainwashed more intensely than the cultists?
For sheep, indifference is the answer
U-Kwon's girlfriend may be a bit of a jerk, but fans rarely have an issue with her. They know how much she thinks about her fans,,,ㅋㅋㅋ Muggles who don't know anything don't know, but fans know, really.
This is on Ahn Jae-hyun's side even if he cheated.
Oh, it's so funny I'm dying hahahaha Hermit crab hahahahaha, the sense is really great
Congratulations~ Take care of yourself!!!❤️
I hope you get married a lot
How dare you write publicly asking for help with your wife. You could have asked your acquaintances for help on your personal SNS. Did they come up with a fundraising program? Do you want to leave a negative comment about someone who became paralyzed overnight?
Yes, I can't act, but I have to do entertainment to sustain my life.
I’m also in love with Yuri and Joohyun’s charms.. haha
Really, the people who spread false rumors like that are probably unemployed people all their lives and have bald spots and acne.
She has the sexiness of a middle-aged person. She can be attractive at any age.
Park Hae-mi is also responsible. Her husband must have drunk and driven more than once. And he was a business partner, apart from his marital relationship. Why couldn't he go out on a date? He drank with women until late at night, and now it's not coercion. Are they reducing his sentence?
If not, will there be smoke in the chimney? ㅉ How is your usual behavior?
However, if you see someone who is really thinking about committing suicide and commits suicide, they don't do anything that suggests suicide and just go away... Most people who fail to commit suicide just because it's difficult don't die after trying it out like that...
Yuna... People aren't that interested... What kind of world is it these days, so people are interested in no bras... Stop writing such crappy articles.
This week was so much fun!!
It’s been a while since I last saw you, and Seungjae has grown a lot and become more proud. Grow up well, Seungjae~~~
That old lady is really a jucheok king. If she says she wants to be her daughter-in-law, Park Eun-hye is my child and I am grateful. Should I do this? I miss Park Eun-hye much more than Tony An.
What is Park Han-byul’s crime? You probably didn’t know she was that kind of person.. If you had known, would you have married her?
Why are you so upset that you can't catch people? Hahaha. You don't even care about harming them. You live your pitiful life like this, slandering others who are doing well~
There must be a reason why a well-known person would do something like that... I think there must be a long way~~
It's a good mix of Roommate and It's Dangerous Beyond the Blanket! Even if Kim Junsu appears, Park Myung-soo and Noh Hong-chul are a disaster...!!!
Why don't they get rid of the program? They keep changing the members. It's boring. I don't care about a single thing. So when I change the channel, it's replayed here and there. Damn.. I don't laugh at all because they change it starting with Park Na-rae.
No more Yoo Jae-seok
National defense is a sacred duty.
Although I'm not a fan. I feel sorry for how lonely I felt and for being deceived by someone who everyone knew was a scammer. Still, it's good to see him trying to show off his talents and stand up again. Meet a really good person and create a good family!
Hwasa, the true winner of Mama 2018
Just a high-pitched singer haha. A program that selects people who are good at high notes.
Think of the people who are posting malicious comments here as your family.
Who takes care of the children of such a leisurely person?
The daughter is guilty too. The fact that she was born from a devil seed is also problematic...
The concept is the problem in the first place. Since there are two female leads, will you be immersed in it?
It seems like it's hard for Geonmo to get bad comments. It's a shame ㅠㅠ
Please don't post it because it's none of my business whether someone is dating or getting married.
I heard that he was getting married after marrying 7, so he said he was going to live well.
Kim Jong-kook is doing very well right now. If I keep playing now, when I'm 45-7, I should marry a woman 20 years younger than me. Why would I marry a woman over 30? It's just business. Jongkook, if you marry someone 20 years younger than you (even women in their 20s will be lining up), your life will be successful.
Gangnam♡Ui looked better on me, but it’s a shame
That's amazing. If you've been in a relationship for 20 years, I don't think there will be any excitement anymore... If you've been in a relationship for that long, you've probably done everything from farting in someone's face to burping.
Even an unknown person like this writes an article.
I'm proud of that
It's not rude, it's insult to the character of a woman -> that is, defamation, murder of character. You are a murderer.
Is the country worse or is Joo Jin-mo a worse person????
I send it alone and quietly on social media. I think my wife might be cheating on me like that.
She has a pretty face and if she fixes her body just a little, she'll become a Korean goddess... She's been hugging her ever since she debuted, it's amazing
Looks like they've already been disassembled.. They're so badass.. haha.
The movie that made the Korean version of the fraudulent family known to the world... But why am I embarrassed?
Solve it by bitina
You're still pretty
why? Can’t you say Mr. Moon Jae-in???? It's so scary to make a fuss about something separate.
But I don't know to what extent, but I wouldn't have scolded or hit you if you just stayed still, but aren't you just listening to one side of the story too much?
They say it’s not as fun as the original haha.
I wish Min had a mukbang. Min is so adorable.
Still, I have to go on a tempter reward vacation.
Why are you looking at Kim Ji-young at 82 kg...? I don't watch trash movies like that.
Study I want to immigrate
After seeing the creepy short preview in writing, I can't wait to watch the next episode next week haha
Kang Hyun-seok did something wrong, but his friend didn't do anything right either.
Well done, pretty♡
Why is this a retrograde program to find someone in this day and age?
Lee Hye-jeong, come to your senses. I saw you making a fuss while going to a host bar. Who are you doing that to, causing such a fuss with that body?
A 13 year difference is no surprise in today's world.
I can accept it when it comes back.. Hurry and get out of the trap.
It's just like the name. You gave birth to many children for the sake of your country, and your success is amazing. Congratulations~^^
Aren’t the spreaders punished???
Kim Tae-ri looks old-fashioned. She looks like a fair-skinned Vietnamese girl.
Real-time top 5 entertainment news??? It is obvious that the public's priority is to look for information on masks and confirmed cases,,, I wish they would stop lying!!!
Soohyang's makeup, especially on the bridge of her nose, was visible, so I couldn't concentrate on the content and kept looking at that area. While watching it on a 65-inch TV, I felt uncomfortable and sad the whole time. It was very difficult to see because the plastic surgery was clearly visible.
With only a few months left, the farewell... haha
This person is a feminist announcer haha.
After getting married, get married!
Do you need money? It's such a shame, I'm sold out haha
Henry, a Chinese Canadian, why are you doing this in Korea instead of making a lot of money in China? Do you like it in China?
Aren’t they both married? They put on a very raw show to increase viewership ratings.
There are a lot of rich people
Violence after being drunk.. haha, the woman was amazing too haha.
The other kids are better, so why are they being promoted like this?
I sincerely hope that they are women worth risking their lives for~~
Please make season 3 in 2 years~~ I hope all season 2 members and Do In-beom come out~~
What did you do when you were young?
It's really not my job, but I can't watch it because I feel like I'm going to get cancer. Haha. I think I'll get cancer instead of Baek Jong-won.
I've been a BTS fan for 10 years, and although it may not be as successful as our BTS, I want to become a subordinate of BTS, so I remember the name.
I still don't know. I feel like there must be something going on inside. I'm so heartbroken. What happened at that age when I met the wrong girl?
Aren’t there any top lovers? Look at the sudden fall.
Please remove the chin correction.
When a woman is old, she should be thrown away.
It's the same as Kim Gun-mo^^
Lovelyz is better off if they fail.
Park Bo-gum is not a cult, but an ordinary Christian believer who attended a Jesus-centered church^_^
Celebrities are human too, so why treat them like playthings?
Josenjings are so harsh on others... haha
Now I can confidently go to Bogum.
Park Bo-gum is an ordinary Christian believer. Please stop harassing him and Pastor Lee Cho-seok always supports him^^
Jeon So-min seems to be a celebrity just to attract a guy. I wonder if she learned it or is an entertainer.
Yui, stop it, you nasty people.
But it’s okay because Chohee is pretty
I was watching the live broadcast, but I changed the channel because of Mr. Seo.
It's already cool. Becoming a father will take you to another level. Congratulations! I'm looking forward to it. JWappy Jr.
From one to ten, everything seems like a pretense. The way I see it, these people are people I will never see again after this program ends. Look at Ock Joo-hyun, I can see at a glance that they are forced to hang out together because of the program.
The man congratulates me, but the woman just mocks me. How can I compare her? I'm from another world like you.
Episodes 1 and 2 were awkward, but after episodes 3 and 4, it got really fun.
Ah, Jam Jam is pretty.
I guess Kim Dong-myeong, the unheard-of guy, is done for now. No one will find it
Actually, I'm making a living thanks to Seolhyun, so I can't stand jealous kids. It's my life as a bridesmaid.
Goblin has become so popular, so why do you think you are the only one who has become popular? Goblin has become so popular that your face before plastic surgery has appeared. Meanwhile, it is a bit difficult to bury it in IU~~~ IU can sing well too.
Their own group hahahahahahahahahahaha yes, bulletproof soles
As expected, Lee Byung-hun, the object of admiration for his acting, personality, and personal life, is the object of all Yeon-yen's admiration. Even the time of his claws can't be matched. Watch and learn from Byung-hun.
Mom is so pretty...so pretty
They both belong to the same agency.. If the agency wasn't stupid, they would have intervened.. But that didn't work, so they probably tried to end things well... If you look at Ku Hye-sun's post, she wrote it as if she didn't have an agency.
Haha Lee, two people ate at once haha ​​Let’s eat some together.
You said you had a knife.. Are you going to search me with a knife? What's the use of being so boring, human... Well, since you're so boring, you should probably get a part-time job.
She looks like Oh Yoon-ah, but it’s my style
Clara, I hope to see you often on Korean entertainment programs and dramas.
Yoo Seung-jun was definitely more intelligent than MC Mong.
Don't cry, you idiot... I'm really cool.
Why does it seem like he has fewer fans than Jung Yonghwa? Actually, I was devastated when Big Bang put down Gamtu and released a solo album... As expected, it was GD and Boys...
Ku Hye-sun!! I support you. I hope Ahn Jae-hyun, who changed his mind easily, gets punished in some way. He is the one who ruined the life of an actress.
Now I feel like I'm being pushed out by Wanna One.
Because the female lead is not pretty, I am easily immersed in the work.
Are you filming an ad for Parkland? Don’t you wear a suit?
Left TV is killing people.
I see celebrities' incidents coming up one after another... I wonder if they are trying to silence me politically... In our country, a lot of celebrity scandals are being reported to blind the political world.
The table prepared by Narae Jeon Hyun-moo won the grand prize last year.. What's fun about Moocuri.. Jeon Hyun-moo has no sense of entertainment...
Ilbe & Sugar Daddy Controversy Explained
Hee hee, lose weight
I changed the channel right away because I was afraid it would be bad for the children’s education.. ^^
I heard that haters are guilty of sucking on Xiah Junsu, who is famous for his vicious behavior. If they broke up, please let them go, don't incite the public for no reason!
What is Ku Hye-sun doing in this obscene way? Are you going to bury her husband alive and then take her in? What do you gain by swaying public opinion with the intention of killing me and you? I lie down and spit
Celebrities who are not popular haha
It looks like Kim Seung-hyun's family can leave the show now... The story is getting more and more complicated... Kim Seong-soo's Hye-bin's episode will be increased a little more...
A bunch of pretense. Fans are the same
In reality, the woman is a very strict daughter, but the man is a small restaurant with nothing special. The daughter seems to be holding the back of her mother's neck and falling down.
Are you going to Hawaii to give birth?
Don’t believe and ignore the malicious comments. Isn’t there a show more fun than Running Man? It’s a fun entertainment show that also takes a close look at the malicious comments. Haha.
I guess I'll be living a public life with the hemp bastard soon haha.
He's a bad guy, but so is someone who drinks too much at someone else's house. Whether he's a man or a woman, he needs to be disciplined.
Ugh... you're leaving without even seeing your grandchildren... may you rest in peace.
When you see the feminist who spread the word manipulating public opinion by deleting comments from a post written by Ji and criticizing men, the fact is that they are trying to fit the posts together.
Is this Yang Dong-geun’s win? It should be said that it was a victory for those who appeared in the chorus. Why do I keep being immortalized in tone deafness? It’s pathetic. So are the judges
Among the gag people, Cheon Iseul is the prettiest. Cheon Iseul is the prettiest Gas Naesu.
Hwasa's this stage was a complete success~~~No matter what, she won the other stages and won the most attention in the real world ^^
What a beautiful couple. I hope you are always happy and that you only walk on flowery paths in the new year ^^ ♡♡♡
Are you saying you can’t sing anymore??
If you stop writing articles... I don't even want to know.
If she did it with Jung Joon-young, wouldn't the woman have a huge advantage?
Ryan is good, but Yewon’s song selection is also perfect.
Celebrities show why you shouldn't do college cc. Men want to keep quiet about personal matters, but women talk about it here and there, making men trash. If you refute it with facts, you'll make trash by even bringing up the sex joke you had in bed. In the end, the man took a leave of absence
I came to see Kim Hee-sun's photo, but she wasn't there.. ㅠㅠ
Ilbe guys are shaking hahahaha
I'm not marrying a Korean woman. My husband's business will definitely not work out.
Yongseok, you have to make a living based on the opinions of others.
One of the charts is already out haha
If we argue, is it okay to hit me? Just looking at the simple comparison of 4 women/men/2 men, it is a one-sided assault, right?
University Song Festival ‘Please take care of me.’ This song is famous, but there are many people who don't know about it.
I love you.. It was a famous song.
Shin Hye-seong has ruined everything... from being a habitual gambler to drunk driving.
How do they go well with comics?
I think he will be a very handsome man when he grows up..
I think there are a lot of broke old maids in their 30s who will feel nervous while watching this program haha.
Wow, I’m really jealous of Cha Se-jji. Wow....
I don't want to be like P.P.L.
Okay, looking at Lee Sang-hwa's thighs makes my lower body tingle.
Kam Woo-sung's acting is so amazing ㅠㅠ My elementary school sons cried ㅠㅠ It's the best*!!!!
General Ginttokang's lover. The triplets' great-grandfather's lover haha.
It's all boring and I just look forward to the execution. Recruit someone who seems in need of a real relationship.
I even thought about getting married, even if I’m sad in the same house, same room, bye bye bye~~~~#
It's basic common sense to ask before eating a natural monument. Even when fishing at work, they check to see if it's a prohibited fish or a fish that shouldn't be caught. If you don't do that while broadcasting, just send them to prison.
Someday you will realize that I like younger women, right?
Ugh.. it looks like the woman loved her purely, but it looks like the man asked for money and stole the money ㅠㅠ I think the one who abuses love is worse!!!
Haein still gained popularity ㅡYejin is shit
I trust Oh Dal-su. If an apology were to come close, it would seem like a psychopath. However, I cannot believe that the victim's story is true. I think it would be a good idea to meet each other and talk. Accompanied by a psychological counselor.
In the ending, I see Jaehyun, who plays the main character, for the first time in my life. Are you from the police department?
For a moment, I saw her as Hong Jin-young and wondered if Hong Jin-young had a hidden daughter...
I'm there, Hyeonju is all in. She's a good girl. I'm happy to be with someone who makes me smile. People who ask me why I'm smiling are strange.
Is Song Joong-ki married?!?!?!?!?!
Honestly, didn't the two women fight to take over Nam Tae-hoon?
Ku Hye-sun, please finish your studies and be active in some form. He's a very talented person, but he happens to meet trash ㅠㅠ I always support him~^^
I got sick because I smoked cigarettes, always microwaved my meals, and didn't eat properly. So quit smoking and take care of yourself.
Now people are going to say something about going up to the sculpture again.
Han Ji-min's mother is the only one who remembers Cha Seobang, but she treats her as a dementia patient. She has a secret too.
I just watched the movie The Notebook... My heart aches... Why does my heart hurt so much... ㅜㅜ
I guess my personality isn't that good. After Toto Gaiu, I was really arrogant and didn't get a good response.
Congratulations on your wedding~ be happy
Save I don't like it
Not a single woman is interested in marrying an ugly man haha.
I don't think he's crazy either.
A B-level singer. It’s difficult to even call him a singer.
Spread it out little by little
Why do you evade taxes?? Just think of it as punishment. Honestly, I have no sympathy.
I'm really bad at taking pictures.
Who are you?? Anyway, good luck!
Hahaha oh my gosh it's hot. Every article gets a lot of hate comments...
Thank you to BTS Jimin for broadcasting for over an hour even while on vacation.
Why do you tell people who are going on package tours how to fill out an ED card or do an immigration screening? Haha, the guide will know everything anyway. Is it so fun to scare a mother who is going on her first overseas trip? Haha.
I don’t know who this woman is, but do her nostrils look like a pig’s?
Amazing Joseon-style broadcasting entertainment management that sells memories even though it doesn't have any hit songs. Just close down the entertainment agency or the agency and go under the broadcasting station.
Korean middle-aged male actor style, facial parts - Jjangjjang actors // Lee Jung-jae, Jung Woo-sung, Jang Dong-gun, Won Bin
Golf entertainment is really cool. There seems to be a lot of fresh broadcast content coming out these days, so there seems to be a lot to watch. I didn't know much about golf compared to other sports, but I think I learned a lot through this opportunity! fun!
● Characteristics of old people: Back in my day~ I endured everything no matter what anyone harassed me~ Is that because of something like that? I become weak and that’s how social life is~~
I enjoyed it. ~
Hyungsik, why did you come out and go to the leftist party to be a bridesmaid?
I keep changing the main page, but that doesn't change the fact that I'm a fugitive from the military.
Why did Jo Hyun swear? You selfish bitches
I really doubt Chae-yeon Lee. She lives well at home...
What I don't understand is why a woman has to retire when she gets married? If you're going to do it, do it together, are you an old man? When you get married, do you just have to live at home? Why do you try to fool women?
Even if you play Animal Kingdom at this time, it is at 30% capacity.
Let’s go to Junyoungjae..
The fact that my brother is a doctor has already been revealed a long time ago and has been broadcast several times and we have appeared together, but isn't it as if we just revealed this fact today for the first time?
What I feel even more after getting married is that I really enjoy spending time with my friends.
The country is becoming more and more PC-oriented. There is a feeling of ruin.
Look at the female ratio hahaha again the kimchi girls are flocking and criticizing Gian.
Honestly, isn't that wrong? You have to work harder, but who will solve it? Even if I give you realistic advice, is it inconvenient?
Shouldn't this person be expelled? DeokgeBS is going crazy, a person who mocks the viewers like he's eating.
Didn’t you say you were a golf player?
