
Song Joong-ki's statement: Just wait like a fox, are you the only one who beats women?
I hope everything goes well with Jeon Hyun-moo.
Merge with the above, YG only makes a door. A message is posted in the Blue House, asking the police to investigate the YG relationship.
When I saw the article, I immediately knew it was a woman's.
I hope to make a promise to get married before I see the couple~~I'll boycott the end of the main road~I don't have much time..2 or 3 weeks left? I hope I go to Busan one more time before and make a scene to meet my parents and then get married^^
Women's faces don't look like a burden ㅡㅡ Maybe it's because they had plastic surgery ㅡThey look like a lot of people ㅡThis season, they don't have a natural face like Mrs. Pilmo
I love you Dongyoon ♡ I look forward to more acting in the future haha ​​35-year-old Jumma
Full edit... If Yoo Young-hyeon doesn't do it, Ji-hae Lee won't go.
Hyuk, you guys are amazing hahahaha
In the past, there was a reason why I exploded at Seo In-young's broadcast writers.
Those born in '15 don't ride in strollers.
If you teach me, I’ll use my energy and be nice to you.
Don't nag, just give it to me...give it to me!
There are a lot of uncomfortable people
I look like my mom too
Three Munsik multi-series type springs at the door.... Kyungsoo and Seonrang are back together, but they say they have no intention of getting married, so Gyeongsoo's mother is not very enthusiastic... And because her ex-husband is infertile, a woman who can't act leaves the house ㅜㅜIt's at the level of acting in a spit drama.
How is it that they started dating after just hugging in front of all their acquaintances...and besides, they caught the CCTV footage...
10,000 units~~~ T-Raldo is also a rich bitch.
The run article is ranked 1st in real-time search ~~ It's not even an article, and it's not even 1st in real-time search.
Haha, is this like YG who signed with Sechskies? I wonder what the ending will be like after joining Yeon
Niji, a Korean actor. Looking at Ma Dong-seok, Yoo Seung-jun should also be allowed to enter the country as soon as possible so that he can pursue entertainment activities.
Good
Are you saying that you released the album by begging?
Even if my husband forgives me, I can’t forgive him. He doesn’t even care.
The seeds must be good and the field must be good too.
The hat is nice^^ Potato, peek-a-boo, take care of your mom.
? Have you been living together ever since?
Whenever I see Yujin, I think of the late Park Yong.
I want to see all the celebrities wash their midges to get on the Sulcoin lol.
Let's pretend to be okay fans, scholar cosplay hahaha
Nancy Lang is a good person... I feel sad after reading the article, so I'm leaving a comment for the first time.
Sieon's fan meeting was a blast haha
Thanks to Bangtan, I'll be able to tie it together ^^ Even if I do, my life will end with Bangtan, right? The first company to join a war criminal country.
It seems like they came here to raise the prices of established singers..... I don't know if it's a show or a variety show, but it's not a joke. Mark is all a cave....
I don't want to see articles like this
As expected, God Yangnyeo....b
monopoly
When Jang Dong-gun and Ko So-young's daughters grow up, female celebrities also make zingers.
I only know about suicide.. Don’t talk nonsense about how you felt..
That's funny~ Are you always biting other people?
You put it in a sum and messed with a man and went crazy OOO I wish I had bought it a long time ago.
I'm being scolded, but just stop~
Hahaha, soccer and timing overlap and you get 1st place hahaha The comment is a hundred times different from soccer.
I wonder if there was some kind of deal with Newstmoon... I can't be active without it. After Produce, I felt like they pushed me to do a lot of entertainment shows, but I wonder if there will be any kind of compensation.
Jun-gi's acting is very good and Si-eon is very funny and a joke. The drama is very fun, but I wish Ji-eun's acting was better.
Congratulations on the abolition. The answer is to abolish the Crewman Fun Program. And the tormenting of the stones was also a problem, and the crew's crazy behavior was not harmful at all, and I congratulate them on the abolition of Beautiful.
I need to get my nose redone...
Men have ugly faces and skin tone. I wonder if women will like it...
King...... Park Hyo-shin said that he should listen to the opposition to the first thing he gulps down, but let's see if they apply the standard of being a scholar for 600,000 won haha. I hope you experience it too.
Ten years ago, Kim Tae-hee was also scolded to the point that she was a poor kid with a bad acting background after graduating from Seoul National University. After marrying Rain, it changed into a sudden crush, so there were more antis. So-hee Yoon was also criticized through the same route.
Why are you biting at celebrities? Take care of your own life.
I'm 57.4 at 166. There's no need to diet. I'll lose more for my health. Everyone looks thinner.
You kimchis in their 30s and 40s only watch dramas haha. Anyways, you're a bunch of trash.
Kyuhyun, who is currently serving in the military, is being substituted for... a guy who hasn't even been in the military...? Take Kim Heechul
But what kind of harsh words are you talking about? You are Baek Jong-won and you are also in the cooking industry. You are under the illusion that Ji is a famous chef.
ㅉㅉ I'm worried... I'm worried about whether I'll raise my child after telling him my family's family tree.
The guys who are sucking on whether it's Marvel Heroes or Power Lane look pathetic.
......Gyeongri......
Congratulations^^ Good person. live happily
Eat preservatives......
My friend's parents passed away and I'm going to see them at the funeral.
I only want mercenaries to come, so I invite guests every week.
People of low standard have come in droves~ What if Mom says... If you don't want to watch it, change the channel. Who asked you to watch it? You searched the article and left a comment... Don't make up nonsense and live your life~
They said they were ridiculed locally for lip-singing except for three members of the TS tour?
Don't write articles like this. You keep writing articles, so you're a bitch. Reporter, you're the one biting me.
Seojin and Han Jimin are so cute.. I hope it goes well.. haha
Dog meat is the best for strengthening bones~!!
Juvis advertisement
If you have to defend him, you have to listen to the lawyer's point of view as well.
Everyone is full of charm, but Ock Joo-hyun is even more focused...
Just as Daye, falsely accused, was stabbed to death by Mr. Kang Gi-sa and stabbed to death with a knife.
In North Korea, we can ride boats freely, but we can't even go to the mainland. Is this a disaster?
They play dirty. Byeongi Yu-cheon is a nobleman
It's a witch hunt
It will be solved with money. ! I think someone has been caught for drunk driving before, right? Don't forget about you, let's get those who get drunk twice kicked out of the entertainment industry.. Besides, there are a lot of people who are good at acting.
Go to Seomla and live...
If you see him making such a fuss, you'd think he's the first celebrity to enlist lol. He's going quietly. All the men in Korea go there, so what’s the fuss about?
If I wear Krystal’s mourning clothes, I’ll be crazy
I hope you regain your health after watching the Verge broadcast.
It's all gone by storm‼️‼️‼️
After seeing Goo Hye-sun suck on all the love, do you admit that there is nothing wrong with it? In a world where women are the victims and men are the perpetrators, no matter what they say, what truth and beauty can there be? I need to save money and study hard to prepare for God’s maid’s visit.
♨ Shock! Sir, you were right. I didn't see Kang Eun-bi like that...
Seeing that everything has been worn down, there is quite a bit of family background and money.. Pick and choose. As feudal culture does not disappear, Korean feudal culture continues.. It is greatly influenced by parents.
Has the Bedbo plagiarism controversy been resolved??
Do women hate Yoon that much?
Please don’t end up like a song-song couple.
I understand the level of viewers who watch mukbang. If they don't like something, they will bite the writer and the actor.
If it's Songchang glass, I'll be so sad ㅠㅠ
Park Rae’s square jaw?? Broadcasting incident, high-level expression
Can you show it to your future children?
Post news about celebrities’ parents on entertainment news.
Blood came from the uterus and vagina~~~~~ Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha What about semen?
The comment is really... so pathetic...
Chanel bag is the original of Park Hyo-shin.
Men and women are equal
Is he this emotional about everything? lame
Are you upset? Are you horny? Are you calling me a dog?
Si-eon, I always want you~~~Warm heart is important, what is important?
Sora is a good radish. The truth is, Junhee, the daughter, is really yellow. The article seems unnecessary. It is not helpful ㅡㅡ
ㄴ Drug fight ^^
Honestly, she has a cool mindset.
I know that Yoon Jeong-soo is a good person, but I think Hyun-jin's parents would be upset.
Let Runae also appear on public TVㅡㅡ
It means I swear by my mom. 10 scholars, don’t do that shit.
Tension and immersion like Scar Castle.
It's great, you're sleeping well.
It looks like you worked out a lot, but you look better than skinny thighs.
Among celebrities, there are people who keep their mouths shut and cannot talk, but Ji Suk-jin was not one of them... It is right to protect the privacy of colleagues to a certain extent.
Girls...don't keep getting annoyed while watching Produce 48. And don't comment as if you're not interested.
Black-haired beauty???Are you kidding me????Even the term witch is ridiculous!!!
I think it was aimed at cat-nose marketing.
My grandmother was like, wow, you have to find it at the senior center.
I want to see a rich manㅜㅜ
This guy doesn't lack star quality, but the way he runs away is very old-fashioned. Orthognathic surgery center. When I watch broadcasts, I always feel out of place in the introduction I made.
Jeong Sook-hee, can’t you multitask like a sangmung?? Don’t ignore your younger sister, Jeong Eun-jeong.
Exclusive to this article.
A family of three is sad. I am growing up well. I will take up the empty space as a mother. I believe that I will be happy while maintaining my appearance as I was told.
nose did
There's nothing I can't do because of viewer ratings...
In the past, Gyeongsil Jeong Seon-hee and Jo Hye-ryeon were the worst dogwomen, including Park Mi-sun.
I can't even give Doldul acting any more.. I wish they could find more pretty actors like him and nurture them well.
I'm having fun with Song, but there's a lot of talk and I don't like it because everyone cuts me off.
It was causing explosive anger, but I didn't know that reporters were spreading photos of celebrities and telling them not to publish them in articles. Since they went on a trip to find out whether Song Joong-ki took the photos or if his acquaintances took the photos, of course Song Joong-ki took the photos.
The face is normal, so it looks like it will remain a supporting role.
You're beautiful. Take care and take care of yourself. I want to see you again on TV.
I feel sad while watching 60 Minutes of Tracking, but I feel sorry for the people who only watch run dramas. SBS needs to give up its drama programming time... National politics is buried in the rock street--
Who are you? who are your parents? Because of so many surgeries, you won't even know who you are...
change channel
As for the dog and pig Tizen, it doesn't matter what the truth is, what matters is your side and my side. People who are obsessed with food and criticize it are truly pathetic...
If you get rid of blemishes on your skin, they will disappear.
If Sulli is dead, she's dead, so arrest Cho Kook and investigate.
Rae, do it as an academy teacher. Rum, the juniors are good. Teacher Yeonjae, look at the eongdeng and show them a lot of the eongdeng. Rum, the juniors get excited and look at the eongdeng even more and do better.
As the kids say, he’s a star. Take a straw and become a deification. Pathetic youth...
If you can’t sing, you’ll get hateful comments haha.
This guy just looks like a joker with a slit on each cheek haha.
I like Yoo Byung-jae~~
There are a lot of narrow-minded people who care about men. Don't just pay attention to the Korean entertainment industry, live by watching cultural broadcasts.
Who is this?
Addition of Jang Do-yeon and Yang Se-hyung, chemistry is good, Rae is good.
President Baek, President Baek, are there many people who voluntarily become pigs and pigs?
Park Bo-gum and Song Hye-kyo's simple acting was good, even with the written lines. I like being excited~
Are you making a fuss on TV just to get pregnant? Everyone who married an 18-year-younger guy is like this, so just keep quiet.
Kick it,,,,It’s an entertainment show, but I think it’s emotional.
There is still a statute of limitations for criminal prosecution.. If you have acquired American or New Zealand citizenship.. you have to issue a red notice.. there is no way to bring him in.. Even if there is a summons request, you have to go to the local court and if you appeal, it will take decades to bring him in. ㅣ
I heard it was dirty because it was dirty. Loss of appetite after eating chicken
Poor life ~What happened to a young and talented person~~~
I hate it. Because the way it looks is scary.
So-Chu Hannam, I'm dying of envy. Ngaebi, prepare a meal, Ngaebi, I'll starve to death.
It's pretty, pretty
I think it's because he looks really hateful to women... In fact, he wants Jang Shin-young a lot, but he curses Jung Gyu-woon. If they don't like him, he throws them away... Isn't that the statistics of professional viewers?? LOL.
If you had to choose one normal person in the drama, would it be Miran?
Song Hye-kyo hates the article's neck.
Gangnam seems like a lie...
I love you Jongshin Yoon, always be happy ♥
The temptation was great~ But every look looked like Jung Hoon-hee haha
This guy is so gentle and sleeps with me and earns a lot of money, so I'm married to Sangjin, a kind person. Haha. He's also cute, smart, and gentle, but he gets scolded by the girls ㅠㅠ It's a pity, I wish I hadn't read the comments... They all have an inferiority complex ㅠㅠ
Are you criticizing Park Han-byul...?
계집새끼덜 젖들젖들 라~ㅋ 계집새끼 가  대였으면 상폐되어 임신 불구년인디...ㅋ
Except for Bangtan and SM.JYP, everyone else will be wiped out.
I've seen many people ruin their lives while trying to help a woman who was being raped, but you're lucky.
Yewon is really cool. I was surprised that he sang so well. I hope to see you more often on entertainment shows.
Wowonㅇㅈㅅ The manipulation member must have been chosen, so it couldn’t be done.
Let’s kick out the yellow-haired Wang-sik!
Ugh... People who like Yangjun have something in common: They like Pengsoo and Moon Jae-in.
Celebrities are nobles and should not be criticized. They should be treated and supported unconditionally. How about that?
Strictly speaking, Seungri tolerated crime to make money, and Ji did it for fun.
Tae-ho Kim also lost his senses because Yoo Jae-seok was a bubble that was not developed on its own and was used by the panels. In addition, Yoo Jae-seok's cabbage and cabbage were thought to be a good fit, but it was all a disaster. Cabbage is on the rise, but if you line it up wrong, you will experience a fall.
Whether it's true or not, you're going to make a lot of money ㅡㅡ I haven't seen it like that, but I'm so disappointed.
Zwon wants to protect the male fans in Ra Dimension....is he going to get rid of everything he likes?
Sang-do, who is causing damage to the company and standing out, wondering if the kids in the current circle have any brains. If you're fired, you should also receive alimony.
Ambassador Byung-hun has a chauvinistic perception of history typical of American nationalists in the late 19th century. Around the same time, the United States was massacring Indians and wealthy landowners were killing poor people who had moved to the West.
But is Hwang Woo-seul-hye's last name Hwang Woo? There is Hwang Woo.
Little Nomushiki keeps speaking informally to a woman who is about his mother's age?
Lim Hyun-joo seems like a natural star, so it seems natural ~~
Kim Soo-chan, here~~
Whatever you do hahahahaha
I prepared a gift for Crush Manny's parents and he seemed to have a really good personality~ Manny and I are really like family and friends^^ We get along well together... I hope we become lifelong friends like Manny said~^^
Oh my gosh, Kim Jin is such a jerk.
Han Go-eun suits God Park Jun-hyung better than her current husband.
Donate like a donation angel and live. Those who are like bugs who can't help the pigs and the underprivileged. Who are you criticizing?
T.O.P. is clearly a criminal and I don't like it, but he writes about comments that I told him not to publish separately. No matter what, it's always the reporter who stirs up controversy. He's a sociopath who gives the public something to criticize.
Does he set fire to a well-to-do family and live like a really pretty person?? Are you a learned girl who learned to live??
? Popular actor?
Baek Jong-won, Mr. Moo, is a female special - even people don't think that he is a jumma who is over 30 years old haha.
Bon Wook-ki says you are the war criminal... Get rid of your inferiority complex and judge with common sense.
I will grow big with good manners.
It's funny and hey!!! It's the same as Introduction to Architecture. 40s. Actors who eat movies in a week
Since he has not been directly identified as guilty, he should definitely enlist.
Joe, the guy who didn't have anything, now that he has something, he can brush his teeth OOO Brush his teeth
Just pretty....
But I fixed it well.
There is no place in martial arts, so don’t pass it up.
They're so cute~ They have nothing to do~ They run around like dogs and bite the porridge~
Jeong So-min, what the hell ㅜㅜ
Since it's not popular, there won't be any discord.
Even though articles like this are floating around, those who believe in conspiracy theories only believe provocative things like sex slavery, lol. They really seem like a bunch of idiots.
Damn!! I haven’t seen it!! ㅆㅂ
Writer, are you looking at this? This is public opinion... Please reflect public opinion.
Marvel fans~ Don’t criticize the audience for not liking it because of your taste. You guys are Marvel public relations ambassadors and marketing staff~~ People have different likes and dislikes about movies depending on their personal tastes~ So do the kids.
Because you want to make it public? You go around digging for reporters and publish an article under your own title, so the reporters are encouraging you, the reporters are instigating you, and the reporters are worried.
The viewership ratings are amazing, Jinhyuk and radish are cute and sweet, and Park Bogum’s warm and excited eyes are really exciting.
Anyway, you pigs, you only see things with your eyes.
Since I'm ugly, I should at least wear dirty clothes and show off my dirty skin, but I hate it so much.
Jummas, if you watch Hyun Bin, the ratings will go up, so other shitty dramas will continue lol Don’t you, Jummas?
If you don't know, it could be scary. I'm scaredㅡㅡ
Even if it's a poem, it's better than trash..
Men seem to have nothing but an army of better men.
Baek Jong-won has a lot of money, so what?
who? CNBLUE? Is there a conman named Yonghwa Jung?
It's so boring!
Just abolish the program. I’m tired of observational entertainment. It’s already been cast. What’s the point of casting a person who is connected to criminals? Writers, reflect on yourself and don’t be rude.
She was famous as a goddess during her school days.
Fuha! I don't know who it is, but I'm leaving a comment because I don't know the article. If you date and then break up, you all remain good seniors and juniors... does that make sense? And what's more, the engagement is broken! Senior/junior... Just write that you decided to go on the road~~
I thought it was a good idea to go through all the trouble and go to a long-term man who got married in the U.S., Gummi.
But Kim Ji-seok is not the best.
Intern reporter Jinyoung was wrong.
Baek Ji-young must be having a hard time...
The photo looks like Suzy~
I have the right idea and want to advocate to people and change society... Why don't you do volunteer work just to change things with your mouth? It seems like you have a lot of time, but you seem more persuasive.
Please tie your hair~~
Chae-eun comes to her senses. I didn't think about the man rushing to Lee and not getting married after eating it. Mr. Rigo's type AB,,,, I ignored his blood type and looked at him.
My eldest daughter and son-in-law's daughter, Park Jeong-su and Joo-hyeon, are fun. Chairman Raedo, your young wife is acting like a fox, and it's worth watching while cursing you. Are Park Jeong-soo’s mean deeds over? Easy.
I make a living by turning my face into a stone lol.
Why does Ji-won lose weight only in the eyes of good people? I don't even know
They say they'll fix it with money, but who cares? Don't post malicious comments. What's your personality? Are you a devil?
A nose bridge with chalk in it...
I see all the kids in Koreatown are gone.
ㅅI don’t think it was a good matchㅠ
What a beautiful couple. I wonder if they became sinners by giving birth to children or if they became proud husbands by giving birth to a daughter.
The radishes are pretty. I wish I could see them on TV more often.
When are you going to live with Kim Jong-guk? Because it's a TV show, it's packaged nicely. Really, she's going to be tired. All she's seeing is a mosquito, a traitor, and a slumped back lol.
Since you are pretty and fresh and came to Seoul National University, Jeon Hyun-moo will take you as your best bride.
I keep thinking about acting and acting.
Congratulations on your return, brother!
Gadjeong each! lol
Is it uncomfortable just to mention sexual desire?
It's nice to see you two. Kiss from cotton pig.
If you look at it, it's the vice president's secret daughter... I left while Lunny Pf was waiting for me.
Young youth~~Live with all your might~~If you live without your ring finger, there will be more hardships. Let's just ignore the looks and malicious comments around you and live.
Is the happiness I feel as a mother the greatest joy I can enjoy from being born as a woman? There are people who don't follow the standards. Pretend there is no world.
Jihye Han is cute
I'm sure she's crying because she can't keep up with Suzy's toes even though she's pushing me like a SM.
You said you went out to play with After School members before enlisting, right? Did you get hurt during the performance??
Does the woman have a tattoo on her arm?
Celebrities who hate the Korean Party will continue to criticize him. Who are Kim Dong, Kim Gun-mo, and Yoo Jae-seok?
Lim Hyun-joo, the man splitting the thread and wagging his tail is repulsive. Even though she can't even laugh, she shakes herself and bewitches the man.
Just waitㅠSeong-eun is active haha.
I really hope that the senior members of the West Democratic Party are connected and that Lim Jong-seok and Moon Jae-in are connected and the impeachment begins. This is my hope for those who wish to impeach the president.
What about shoes?!!! I need to lose weight and have surgery.
Kkotsam Cheonjigu. Will there be silence only if the regime changes???
I don't like it, it's not worth it...ㅉㅉ
Have a nice trip
"If everyone who reads the post clicks 'recommend', 2019 will be a big hit and your family will live forever. If you click 'don't go' after seeing it, one of your family members will get cancer or get seriously ill and you will be unhappy in 2019." "I warned you.""
Dramas watched by Namgoong Min
As expected, Jobo~~!! As expected, his mind is the best!!
Taehwan Yak. . It has been erased from my mind.
If I were to go back to Australia... I wouldn't be able to survive as a foreigner... because it would take both my job and the military...
Kim Young-kwang is handsome and perfect, so I think it would be burdensome to date him. Women definitely don't dislike good-looking men, but they definitely have no intention of seriously dating him, and so do their friends.
Go Hyun-jung’s charisma is so great
Is it fun?
Han Ji-min, please change your coordination. Are you wearing pants in the scene where you are looking for your mom? ㅠ.ㅠ
I knew from the start that the man was going to be sloppy!!!
Old ladies are bad
I can't concentrate because I'm in my 40s... I was cast as someone in my early 20s ㅠㅜㅠㅜ
I just laughed it off because I thought the comment was made in Busan as if Jeolla-do people were sensitive.
Let's not make a fuss. I want to go. Do you care about the burns on your body? It's really frustrating. If I post a picture on my personal SNS, they attack me like a pack of dogs.
It suits you well! Please work hard to train younger students~
Hong Jin-young is doing much better~ I was so disappointed the first time.
How could you say something like that even after seeing your face?
Hey, it's cool that there are so many morally perfect saints~~~~
Does anyone listen to this?
I know you have a nice body in the photo, but you're more attractive when you hide it. It seems like you're showing off because you're showing off. Midge pointed out differently from Yeonnyeon, and it was nice that you were an interpreter, but you're not showing off your body.
I don't even want to imagine how it would feel if my parents passed away suddenly, but I'm curious, so if they die, I'm going to die... I'm going to die anyway.
The method of suddenly shaking one's emotions is a method often used by private religious leaders. There is no absolute happiness or unhappiness. Seeing new sides is a new thing. Be careful of people like Sang-yoon and Jeon.
As for the remaining members, except for one, haha, one is in college, one is begging for a luxury watch, right? Hahaha CNBLUE cat.. Mang Tech Jjahahahaha
Your lot was Yeomra unnie haha
It would be number 1. It is a stone that is rarely seen in Korea.
Zen, you’re the best. Haha.
That’s it,,, Daniel Pa is always number 1 on terrestrial Mu Bang❤️ Many congratulations, let’s only walk on the flower path for the rest of our lives.
face chow chan
Park Bo-gum and this drama are really you ㅡㅡ Even if it's unreasonable to preservatives ㅠㅠ If you're a married woman, act accordingly.
The voice actor is boring so I didn't watch it and enjoyed the draft.
Han Eun-jeong started out as a villain who harassed Jang-ra in the success story of a cheerful girl. It was a bit awkward at first, but it's nice to see.
Study~ Don’t act like you’re doing something else~
Jo In-seong is currently being pummeled with a movie. Just film a melodrama and advertise it.
Kim Sang-kyo sexual harasser can't go out after drinking
Who is Tyra Soyeon..? Do you remember Jiyeon, Hyomin, Jeon Young-rok's daughter, and Ham Eun-jung?
I thought the photo on the left was from my hometown, but the photo on the right was surprising because it looked like it used to be.
I’m not even going to write that it’s bad news.. What do you say?
Eating out at a restaurant worth 20 million won... I do all sorts of things haha. I don't think you're suffering from a disease of interest? Anyway, I'm glad you're healthy... haha.
Kim Se-jeong has an old face. Did she get plastic surgery? The same goes for delays! I heard.. their original faces are much better..
Looking at the wrinkles around the eyes, they are a match made in heaven... They have the same handicap...
Good, good, good, Cha Tae-hyun.
Is this a shaman’s house salpul or a Christian salpul? A video of Park Bo-gum exorcising the ghosts of the single church he attends https://youtu.be/4mwsKWUm3WY Even though Hyori Minbak 2 is a hit, people who believe in the single religion should not be afraid.
Jang-ra is pretty, but something doesn't appeal to her and she looks damaged.
That's why a woman can't be happy.....because she's jealous.
It's a shame that he has a weak heart.
All a man needs to do is be tall, have good skin, have money, be capable, and have a psychopathic or sociopath personality.
I'm going to cut it off by the feather. It's not even like a knight..
But honestly, I don't look nice.
From the beginning, Kim Yong-ho was a guy who made nonsense about <Parasite> being a product of pro-North Korea leftists, so I believed it and filtered it out.
Marry a man like Albe...
Casting the Bible is easy.
Hollywood stars watch to see if the word “world” is added to them, but they don’t think about themselves because the harm they do is not to be caught in their bad form.
~~~ Testimonial lol Hugging expression from behind!!
The drama writers seem to be copying each other, and the ending is clearly predictable.
Simon D Jota~
Empress Sohyeon? Princess Lee's biological mother, Go Yun-so, is taking revenge on her friend's behalf. I think it's foreshadowing that she disposes of the body and doesn't show her face.
It's a pity that one person's life ends like this.
What can I say? It's a design rather than an exposed door. It also has ears. Isn't it okay if you don't put your feet up on game characters? They fight, but who wears those clothes?
Sulli is the best. Do whatever you want. She looks good and confident. She will continue to be even prettier in the future.
I just want it
Really.. pathetic.. if I had posted a picture of the book I had read before at that point.. I would have been ridiculed.. Mojiri, a prettier human being.
Yuk Jung-wan pretends to be a nice person, but he is disappointed.
The dispatch didn't go well, but looking at the article, there was a solution. Even though she is her husband, Park Hae-mi certainly seems to have a corner to protect. You said love was sleeping, but you don’t rush in, Hae-mi.
I hope Hyuk and Elijah do well, right? ㅜㅜ I always know that things will fail in the end, so when I watch a drama, I feel sorry for the villain and end up wanting him ㅜㅜ
Do you have to become emaciated and lose weight just because your parents made a hundred mistakes? Should we be treated like this because drinking coffee is a mortal sin?
Hyekyo is good
But is there a need to get rid of everything that hasn't been filmed? A crime is a crime, and art is art. I guess it's okay to pay for the crime...
I gained weight
The face, the heart, and even the beauty are pretty♡
Your MC, Yoo Yeon-seok, can't do anything ㅠㅠ My pronunciation keeps getting muffled... It's frustrating, I can't flow like water like Kim Hye-soo.
They suit each other very well. One of them is a BDI that everyone knows, and the other is a party guy who gets hit on at the club. Don't ever break up.
I didn't expect Raedo to feel ashamed of his guilt. Song Hye-kyo's side brazenly insisted that it was tax evasion.
Anyway, without Kang Seong-Hoon, Sechs Kies will lose their color... I think they should be a team without Sechs Kies.
You can't cry unnie ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ You've been so hot lately ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
Reporter Kim Seong-eun, a thief whose personality is trash, wrote an article to make people unfavorable in order to get criticized. These evil reporters are entertainment reporters, so it must be difficult for celebrities.
What would it have been like if the male protagonist was Jeongjae?
Ahn Jae-hyun's comments are so cool haha. As expected, he has to have an agency. There's nothing logical about it, and they're just saying things like "Goo Hye-sun" all over the place. Comments are all fired up, Muti~~~~~~
Ugh.. somdoppe.... I thought spring had come only after the flowers withered... I love you, Kim Go-eun..
As expected, episodes 1 through 6 and 8 of the drama are fun. From then on... hehehe! Anyway, good dramas and successful dramas have perfect endings and are fun.
It would be nice to live with a bare-headed bitch because she's pretty for a moment, but that's the end.
It's a shame Han Ji-min... You don't know the truth... The truth is not in Buddhism, but in Jesus.
I am a girl and I am against breast milk soap. More than anything, I hate the commercialization of women’s milk. The female body will always be commodified, right? I hope Siyoung unnie also reflects on it.
Jaejoong Kim was so nice ㄷ ㄷ
It's a baby because you didn't use birth control through marriage fraud. If you were a woman who got pregnant, would you have ruined her life? I don't want to give child support by telling my child to die, but if you use birth control or have a child, take responsibility.
Jo Bo, but he looks sleepy in the alley restaurant. I'm sleepy, but it seems like he's trying desperately to sleep. I'm trying naturally to not feel sleepy, but he looks sleepy.
Seunggi dies at the end
Are you going to run away after eating everything?
They said they planted radishes exclusively at the theater, but I was so antipathetic that I didn't see it.
The drama is halfway through, so it's better to take responsibility and end it. What's the point of filming a drama when you want to hide in the middle of it? I'm not a fan.
Never buy radish.
I took it off to make money
It's much more fun than golden light...
Ugh... It's not plagiarism, so don't believe it. They're the ones who are going on a witch hunt... They'll tell you that you cleverly avoided it and then get rid of it... Comments will be deleted if it becomes widely known that you're the one.
Huh, pretty? You look different haha. You don't look like an actor.
Who is the human or the celebrity??
Haha, women are flocking together to start women haha. The truth is, there is no mistake.
I like handling knives, but having to carry them around only makes people around me tired.
Reporter Seung-rok looks like a pervert. What are you doing holding a half-person bikini photo?
Please don't commit suicide...
Get rid of Park Myung-soo's Shiki. It's obvious that he really doesn't like broadcasting. He completely fell asleep after eating all that food.
Usually, people don't get married because they're infertile, but they marry because they feel sorry for one another.
I'm so proud of it
I think it would be a huge hit if I debuted as an AV actor in Bonn. Debuting as a singer is okay..
What about Barb? Is Park Kyung-ri imprudent? He was polite in Munjeoknam
Everyone in the comments said I was good because I was holy~
There was a lot of controversy in Seasons 1 and 2 of Produce as they were divided between the field and broadcast channels.
I don't know if they are being hateful. Is it because they are making a fuss or they are getting angry when they are doing something that seems hateful and causing harm...
Jobo's expression is just cute.
If Hannam gets married, it will only be a tragedy!!!!!!
You must have been rattled, right?
If you live only with money, is that life? A life logo that smells only of money
Go Joo-won's expressive skills are poor..sincerity is the deepest. If the actor acts with sincerity, he will sleep well. Because he is sincere, I can really feel the careful consideration and consideration~~
Respect cube choice
Is it difficult to find a place to show Herstory? There are a lot of theaters allocated for Hollywood movies and they are being shown, but Her Story has already been taken down. I want to see it.
Let's go to Sanya. If you do that, what happens to Sahan Ramer?
Life is like Hong Sang-soo
Damn, there's a reason why I can't get married because I'm so old.
Yeo Jin-goo's Frankenstein...a real immersion disrupter.
Looking at Hye as a man, it seems like abortion for unwed mothers is necessary. She grew up loved by her mother and is filled with revenge and resentment towards her father, who she doesn't even know exists. What is Hyeppa’s fault? Entertainment literature between the two parties is limited to those involved, so at least they should have announced whether they were pregnant or not.
The feudal lord is a cold-hearted joke. It feels like it was just put together without any material.
You're the one who will abolish the political laws... It's hard to see entertainment shows that I enjoyed watching being abolished...
KBS gave the grand prize to Yeong-ja. Hello, even though the sight reading rate is bad, I'll give you Dong-guk!
The best drama of all time.. I'm sorry for the money spent. It's not even 1% realistic.
Rather than eating 11 meals, it seems to be better for your health to eat only lunch and dinner and keep an empty stomach consistently.
If the man had been injured to that extent, would Gura have been more injured? Are you making fun of a man who has never assaulted a woman? ?
There are so many twisted people out there. I wonder if you want to do that to someone you want because of the accident.. The reporter is also full of criticism.
Legendary judo player Yoo Hee-yeol sexually assaulted him.
I trust and filter dramas, and since I'm not interested in articles, Gabe gets paid to write articles on Unplay and the public wants to read, so there are endless articles worth watching.
Even though I am a woman, MeToo has degenerated. I am also a woman and I am not part of MeToo.
Jinyoung Let’s go to Wonder Girls reunion
Honestly, Kim Byeong-ok is poor Kes? Don't listen to MC Mong's songs
I want Song Joong-ki~ I always watch the show♡ The Sedal Chronicles is fun~♡ What would I have done if I hadn’t seen it~
Deku Kang Kyeong-heon~ I don’t feel like living without Yeon-soo.
It's you guys who make men die... These days, there are women who keep their chastity and go all-in on one man... One It is the world... Women, you're fucking Darasi with your husband lol.
Are you building a self-reliant party? LOL
Someone who spends billions on injections for youth and is in prison is trashed.
Seolhyun High School, Min Hyo-rin High School, Han Hye-jin High School, I feel sorry for you. What the hell is wrong with the malicious commenter in the room.
I hate baldness ㅡㅡ
Suzy is happy
Hey, there are a lot of idiots haha. If your car breaks down 3 times and things don't work out, you're going to ask the salesperson to call you Hongcheon meat chef. What on earth are these brain-dead people asking?
Is everything so funny lol?
Is it a trend to go to the War Memorial of Korea?
If you have hundreds of billions of assets and want to rest, you can rest. You have to take medication for depression ㅇㅇ
The congratulatory song is Kim Ji-min
It'll be okay, MC Mong's songs were always good...
It's just fun, but everyone leaves negative comments
Write Stan Lee. Martin is behind me.
Are you recruiting me in advance???
For all the kids who are crazy about dogs and cats, there are no normal kids.
If you have a kimchi girl with a chest that is as big as a fried egg, just eat it once and throw it away. It's 100% Mega Womad.
Looks like Philip couple's Missy...Mini Me Me
It's not fun at all...the story has gone completely astray.
I hope it ends quickly. It’s even less interesting than the last doll house. The acting is also good.
It's the president's speech, but it's unfortunate.
Even celebrities and half-human models who think they're pretty go through this and usually end up blocking it. I let go of something 4 times and got angry...
He is the protagonist of the Liberty Korea Party.
who are you
surd....
It's normal in a society where an in-house manager can take care of things while living.
It's time for Crash Landing on You, but it's a boring drama that's over the top ㅡㅡ Where are you? Pyo Chi-su~~~~~
The photo at the top looks like Tsukasa.
Don’t worry, I will marry you even if my love ㅜㅜ becomes disabled and in a wheelchair.
Let’s be honest, is Ahn Jae-hong more handsome now that he’s lost weight, or is he better off before when he was fat??
Since ancient times, women have to have C-cup breasts, wide pelvis, and fair and happy appearance around the age of 25 to give birth to smart and healthy babies.
I don't know who everyone is and I have no interest in this entertainment show at all.
Simon D is said to be married. Is he living in a friend's house? He can't make it public because he has a house for sale?
I just had to sing. Watching the documentary is neither fun nor moving. Good fans may be good. It was completely boring.
Become a bastard
I want to have a good night with the monk who walks around and plays the moktak.
all. Let's just have the third
Is it true that you cursed after seeing Yein’s malicious comments? The situation at the time was that a member went to a convenience store and went into a quiet room during a V app and swore at someone named Ramani. The only facts are the girl group who cursed.
Don't grab SM's hair, which was standing still. Everyone's mad right now because they didn't unplay ㅅ1b.
~~~~ I'm 12 times more handsome than Seonggwang... but I'm not good looking.
Is the groom framed? They say I ate well, 4 meals a day... That's why I didn't lose weight ㅜㅜ
You can do it~~ But..let’s not get caught!!! Hee is public property. ...Don't get caught, I hate the person who revealed the CCTV footage.
99% of the people who felt uncomfortable seemed to be bitches lol.
I don't want people to have an easy time because their parents committed a big sin, so I'm telling them to do everything in moderation and not take a breath..
Doesn’t Kim Soo-hyun seem like he’s in trouble?? Minho seems to be fast
If you had just the face, you would have become a big success, but because the girl Mu looks strong...
If you look at the gender of the punishment, are you all guys? Han guys, just look around haha. Don’t reveal the boring and inferior stuff to someone else.
Hello Kimchi bitches!
Even if you have a lot of money, if you don't look good, it's badㅠㅠㅠ
? Are you inconvenienced by the fact that celebrities who make a lot of money raise multiple children easily?? I told you to work hard and make good money. Instead of just blaming the government and society, you should check whether you have tried it yourself.
The music studio that stole personal information should also be punished by the public. What they did to Raeya Fairgrounds was a mistake~~ Rae... Anyway, crazy..
Kimchi girl. This is weight that a Korean girl can never have.
Would you like to go camping while breathing in fine dust?
Let’s not ask middle school graduates to be goodwill ambassadors.
I got married..I like a woman with an idiotic attitude.
It's so sad that it died because it was dug up, but is there any reason for it to be on the main page like that?
What is really lacking? I am amazed at every sight. Role model Ahn Hyeon-mo.
It's not enough to say 100, 300, or 300 million!
I'm jealous of women, so I'm so busy making excuses that I don't suit them. I'm a loser. I'm just a pretentious person trying to find a woman of my level.
Jumma, what kind of person are you talking about getting married?
The creation of heaven and earth is said in the Bible, but since you died without accepting Jesus, you will feel in hell that you will only receive eternal suffering in hell.
Seems like all Seongs are respected people!! Seyoung Park Seyoung is good
Beckham would have been better off with Victory Beckham, who gave birth to his daughter. I can't imagine a world without my youngest daughter. It's so cute..
The four vocalists of my heart, Park Jung-hyun, Lynn, Baek Ji-young... Yoon Mirae~
Is Shin Seong-rok the main character? Haha
To be honest, if you were like a reporter, would you be able to marry Guk-ju? Wouldn't it be okay if he gave you 1 billion won for the house?
Are you going to be smart to solve it? Just stand there and die.
It's worth noting that I haven't seen it since the feudal lord. I'm satisfied with just looking for Munsik's scenes. lol
If I could invest in a celebrity, I'd go all in on Seho.
Youngae, your skin is so beautiful~~☆~
It's okay to rewrite people... personality and nature don't change...
Please use your part-time comment part-time job.
Premarital pregnancy is a bad thing these days. They say it's a coma haha. These days, parents-in-law say that they are in a good mood because they are married with children and are better than the Dink family who are infertile.
Are there only hidden cameras for men, women, and relationships? Even now, hidden cameras are commonly used on broadcasts. Hidden cameras are used to deceive and trick others, but hidden cameras are only used for evil purposes???
Women of childbearing age are obsessed with dieting to let men know that they are not pregnant. No man would seduce a pregnant woman.
Park Bo-gum is handsome - likes vs. BTS V is handsome - likes
Not guilty
I like Song Jong-guk and Bungeoppang. Seeing how pretty she is, I'm glad she doesn't resemble her ugly mother even if she becomes a celebrity‼️‼️
I think I'll soon become a fan fan.
The only way to get along with Youngjae and Junyoung is for Junyoung to become trash... Just get along with Se-eun and go on your way..
The case of Kim Gwang-seok's wife, who caused a stir among the public while writing novels, ended with no charges.
Rather than maintaining it, they won't give it to you. Do you want to write because you like your guilty spouse? I'm going to divorce you and send you a report saying that I'm going to die, but I'm going to send the person who was harmed coolly. There's no reason to do that.
People who hate Park Bom's face, even though she looks unnatural now due to a lot of plastic surgery, if you look at her photos from Anycall, she's 10,000 times better than you... I hope she doesn't have a flat face.
Is this a local dance team??
Man, there are so many articles.
What do you mean, you’re single!! Know it exclusively
He's flirting hahahaha but who is he?
Thorns, female perpetrators, I really can’t tell you to shut up.
There must be something off-putting about guys who wander around like this guy Ewwww
I can't admit anything except for the Spanish match haha. They're so pathetic that they don't acknowledge that they played with their dirty hands...
Are you that interested in other people's lives? This is a question that can be asked by young people. Just leave it alone.
He looks like Hyun Bin haha
Who is Hyeop? A person who has no real knowledge. Jeong So-young is acting cute because she got burnt from diving. All the golden women are really ugly. Whose daughter is happy?
Exercise that makes you look classy while making money... The funny thing is, there are a lot of skinny, rich celebrities... Isn't there a female Yeon-yeon who is a Pilates actor because she's fat? Haha, it's a good exercise to show off
Ji Chang-wook is gone~
It's nice to see that you're happily married.
Hong Yu-ra, Hong Hwa-young, and three secretaries, I can’t concentrate on the drama!!!!!!
What's the point of trying so hard and just dating confidently?
It's a duel live-action version haha.
Not only does it look weird when I watch it on TV, but I can't even drive because I'm tired, so I see it as drowsy driving.
Gain is very popular~
Mr. Jumma from the kimbap restaurant........ Please show your affection after going home ㅡㅡ
This guy basically doesn't have the qualities to be a good spouse, which is why he's so controversial as a rookie, so he should just quit being an actor and live as a half-person.
How cute is the baby?
I'll just repeat the old gossip.
Things like bugs...
For Lokim’s sake, Jung Joon-young and Lokim turn into dust and the video should be deleted. It’s a bad thing ㅠㅠ
The collapse of the Ansi Castle seems like a funny movie.
A leader must be serious.
It seems to fit perfectly with the role in the play...!!! Flowers also have a ball scent.
Even if a rookie makes a mistake in a nervous state, shouldn't he be praised for singing calmly in the end? I guess it's so frustrating that I can't eat people like this.
Is Shincheonji approved?
Do you think of the people as dogs and pigs? It's cheap and disappointing. I really want to hear directly what the reason behind forcing it is.
Are all the kids who leave malicious comments stupid?
Great Show was more fun
Suzy always acts well
It seems like it's right for good-looking guys to go around picking on all 99 women. To be honest, I'm jealous. It's hard to get enough of them even if they pay money.
lowly people
Bodhisattva Sister Jinsimcheok
If you have a child, of course you can't wait to become the baby's mother...
Han Go-eun's family was ruined by borrowing money from someone else and running away to America. There's no way things will go well for Han Go-eun's family. Let's go find the wrong place.
love is innocent
I was a fan of the blue-eyed goddess beauty ~~ I always want you ~~ Best wishes
Wow, Park Eun-hye also got married..
The person who took the picture is at fault, and the person who took the picture is also at fault. Ugh
A woman without much of a career doesn't know how scary it is to be called a director despite having a busy family??? She probably hasn't been on Instagram. It must be full of pretentiousness.
designer? What kind of nonsense... I designed it and installed it...? Who designed what the broadcasting station said? Reporter, just play with words... It's disgusting. Needle Run article...
For a celebrity who only wears one piece of clothing and lives in a narrow house, he can't afford more than half of his clothes.
What kind of survival.. I keep eating in the middle haha.
I'm really close to 50, so it's amazing if I look like that~~~
I only watched part 2 because I felt like I was tearing my eyes out of part 1. It was so funny haha.
Wow... I guess I couldn't ignore him. I enjoyed my time at Tyra...
pretty. Even single women are welcome
What are you doing all this time?
Wow, isn’t just capturing fun?
I thought the drama was a flop, but it always ended.
The broadcast was always fun.
People who leave malicious comments are also nice. There are so many people who say I like it and think it's lovely, so why would I get hurt by being criticized by haters? .... long. Celebrity Nini Run attack must have been harder.
A well-written situational drama...
The guy who messed with Mrs. Tarson... he's really amazing haha.
He's handsome, but he looks like a girl, so women don't really like him. I want to date someone who is prettier than me... The girls around me are good looking, but not good.
fraud? There was a rumor that he was hired as a murderer like Heejin's parents.
Go away you bitch.
I think Kim Yohan is worse than Kim Minkyu. Kim Min-gyu's face is inferior to Kim Min-gyu's, but Kim Yo-han's first place seems like a no-brainer.
Is it possible to eat and save 50?
I lived in Suwon and was one year my senior in high school. Now, I was a junior with a good personality, a good laugh, and a lot of singing skills. Jang Yoon-jung, who has nothing to say, just walk on the flowery path from now on~~!!
I don't want to see Jeon Hyun-moo. What should I say about living? I'm probably pretending to be humble because I'm really happy on the inside.
When I see your face, I tell you to cum ㅡㅡ
Damn~ I can't see Danilova because of this...ㅡㅡ
I will never hang out with Brad Pitt @.@
Jummas, you caught a female celebrity and they bit you and threw you away. Just leave your face and go to sleep ^^ If you have an ugly face, take care of your face and the police will take care of the investigation. Jummas, if you sleep now, it's skin damage, so let's pack it up~~
It's really not a star, so I don't know what makes it so big. The place where the main character stands is the center. What's the reason that the middle is the center? Did you put it in the place? They belittle the young rookies. It's just a little... everyone is childish
Who are you?
When I saw it, it looked like work had been done. The casino itself must have been illegal. Suga knew he was going to lose money, so he tickled his ass next to him and made him borrow the money, and he said he gave him a pov from the place he borrowed the money from.
I solved the problem of being annoyed by Hyun by watching Park Ga-won, so I'll stop by.
Among the older ones, I see that they are trying to get a lot of marriage material.. hahahaha. Since my husband earns well, I just have to make a living.. I am not popular, and I don't even have a good face.. How on earth did the old lady do a good job of seducing a young man? Haha.
Even if you get married... leave your wife at home... don't just film and stay out... I don't want to congratulate her...
Uncertified people are going to say that it's easy? Who cares????
He has charm. He used his brains well from the start. He wants a serious relationship with women before getting married. What kind of woman doesn't like her even though she sucks? Men who come here without any thought or strategy are not good at the game from the beginning.
I'm really disappointed by Goo Hye-sun, even though she's a woman. Instead of being able to refute what Jae-hyun Ahn said, she just used provocative words that can't be proven as facts.
So who is it? The man is not a celebrity
★If Jung Yong-hwa is guilty, Kim Yeon and Park Ji-sung are also guilty. Have a good time in the military.
Really cool ㄷ ㄷ
Do you think Kang Dong-ju is there too?
Even my brother doesn't do that to a man who brushes his teeth and is a strong man. It's as disgusting as a crab.
To be honest, it's because of external pressure that China looks at me like I'm not very friendly. In fact, the only thing I can do is talk to the Chinese people. I just released it as Jeonghae did!! Jung Haein is a hot topic in the Korean Wave. Korea’s male No.1 Jung Haein, I love you, Jung Haein!!
It's not okay to label the culprit as all men. Those who found Choi Jong-beom's video are trash.
It's okay to tidy up Clara's appearance.
Yoyo 3 months^^
Ahn Jae-hyun's agency is said to be on a tear because of the drama in November. It's true. If you just post a post on Goo Hye-sun's Instagram, it will be covered in the news.. There are a lot of comments. I'm complaining haha. I also want a national petition for corruption at the agency ~ It's very hurt. The temperature difference between online and offline is haha.
This girl is so funny. Is this a trick?
I looked like a businessman and ate like a butcher haha.
The conclusion is that you are asking the idiots.
Women in their 30s, huh..,
Kim Jong-kook's body is good, but there are people criticizing him for going to the military for defense... without even knowing it...
Let’s not let ugly kids MC. Every time I see something, it’s annoying.
I think the wind is dirtier than drugs
Change it to celebrity disability
I had no fun watching it haha
Dispatch, you spread false information without checking the facts, and if you file a lawsuit, are you kidding me?
Change all the members ㅡㅡ
Are you aware that Femi recently came from the Reds? Did you know that they thought that if men and women fought, they would benefit the most? Now I see it's working well.
Beauty of men and women ㄷ ㄷ
You look young and single, but you got married. Congratulations!! Your acting is even better haha.
If you go to Thailand again and film a scene where you die after getting your foot caught while picking giant clams, I will admit that it was manipulated. Is entertainment real?
Isn’t it okay to have a baby?
Hey, those housewives who are ruined in the corner of the room, don't blame their husbands for helping their children at home, they are pathetic.
I’m looking forward to the passionate monk~~Kazuan~~
Sakura is not only pretty, but she's also smart... I guess she's even more unique ㄷㄷ
If my husband did something wrong, it was his mistake, and it's not okay to scold him because his life was going well and things got difficult.
You don't even look good, but you keep making a fuss
Park Yuchun >>>>>>>>>>>> BTS
I just watched Introduction to Architecture again, and honestly, it's better than Introduction to Architecture. Let's not touch Introduction to Architecture. It breaks my heart every time I look at it.
It was already like a documentary ㅡㅡ Yoo Jae-seok, Park Myung-soo, and Jung-jun also made a run at a time.
According to Seolhyun’s personal guidance, she crushes all the TTS kids.
The female lead is unattractiveㅠㅠ She doesn’t look prettyㅠㅠ
What's wrong with Kim Byung-man...?
Right comment, humans live well, it doesn't matter what others do or not, but the top two have the best personality.
Hye behaved so obnoxiously. You should have made her chatter slowly.
If it’s expensive, why don’t you call me~~ I’m calling Song Ga-in!!
Looks like Tara Jiyeon
Get over it right away. Are you already on drugs? It's amazing.
Did he really commit suicide? There is no suicide note and no evidence that he committed suicide. It is somehow disturbing that he committed suicide solely because he received treatment for depression.
Everything is controversial lol So did you catch the perpetrator??
Jungwoo's (trash) acting is so awkward that it makes you think he's from Busan, from the dialect to the acting itself...
I want Jinyoung Park~!!! I hope you discern well. I also have faith. There are people who want Park Jin-young, so cheer up.
When you were there, you smoked in the chimney.
Yoon Geon had no presence.
It's at the level of a comment haha. There's nothing wrong with a child, and it doesn't really matter whether the mom wears it or not. It's ridiculous.
I hope you resolved the problem with the Judo Hotel...it happened before I went to the military...I look forward to your future activities^^
It looks like you don't know what Dadung means... Reporter... Anyway, congratulations.
I don't watch Masked Singer, but I heard Yewon is here so I have to look it up... Yewon, let's go!
This is the reality for Korean women. He projects himself as a man who makes things happen even though he has no ability, and lives under the illusion that he is in the right place.
I don't know who it is and I don't care
It was private and non-answered, and Sulli also said so.
Jungle guard Byeongmanman John works hard, pays money to take him on tours, and serves local meals.
Wow~Noan...Uzzano
You look better after dieting healthily. I'm so happy!! Appear on King of Mask Singer one more time~~ I don’t think you’ll be able to guess the martial arts.
Good luck
Can you two look forward to it?^^
As if they are struggling, the public has lost their love for Ahn Jae-hyun... I wish they didn't show Ahn Jae-hyun out on TV, and I don't want to see it as an article. Gu, cheer up!
Take away money from kids
There is no fun in the drama if it is extended. Please give it a happy ending for Seonhee, Song, and Gijang.
Have you paid off your debt?
Leave it alone, Lada, keep looking through other people's Instagram photos... Sulli also said, and then the reporter bastards started to criticize me.
You guys are really funny. Are you giving up donations and then leaving malicious comments? Are you paying for the donations yourself? Are you paying based on your own standards? These people who are really posting malicious comments are crazy people, a disaster.
Do you keep putting Cha Woman in Korean entertainment articles?! Are reporters out of their minds!! If you don't have anything to write about, just sleep.
Rae~ I’m no good.. Yaho haha
It's a pity, but I enjoyed everything I had in life and lived well...
There are people who say they are retiring as singers, have 5 children, and make a good living by releasing albums, giving concerts, and starting an entertainment company, but isn't Moon Hee-jun!!?? What's the point? If you don't want to see it, don't watch it~
This is trash news.
There are a lot of people who approach me and there are a lot of people who are against me.
They're all pretty, but the reporter seems jealous. Can't they all play with words? What is this article about? Haha, don’t drink it all. Good and sincere. Wonjung and Da Dandagi since childhood.
The baby is so cute^^*
You’re half human and non-celebrity, reporter!!
It's better to be skinny than fat... I always lose weight!
Jongwon, do it in moderation.
Can't Cha Eun-woo leave Straw and continue to learn?
Can Soyeon get married again? Honestly, it's human psychology that I don't want to eat something that someone threw away. thief
Jalang la... Look at my face... My body is a mess
Even if he's a transforming robot, he's better looking than gangster-like guys.
There really isn't a celebrity who looks like Shirley. It's a pity that her personality is good when she grows up, but her talent and looks are so bad. It breaks my heart to think of her smiling at the night.
San hahaha, don't ask questions about women, they are quiet about murder, haha ​​anyway, Korean men are like that.. ㅉ
Even so, it must have been a difficult decision to make. I hope that the staff who were brought in to create the program will think of the wonderful work and bring them back.
Yeseo is mentally weak~ Please take good care of him~!
Jung Woo-sung should also film a drama. I want to see Jung Woo-sung’s romance. Representative of Mr. Handsome. Beat was really a human being... He was handsome, but he also felt like he was superior... Jung Woo-sung was not that handsome.
KBS weekend dramas are fun and boring once in a while. I can't watch Golden Light, but the acting is so bad.
In fact, because she is a dog man, she is a beauty, has a glamorous spirit, and has a wonderful feminine spirit.
It's so fun hahaha, weekly dinner parties, office romances haha, it's fun.
Legendary backstep
Blame it on the guy who went to Instagram and posted the article. He didn't even post the press release, so why bother talking to such a strict person?
I'm so sorry. ㅠㅠ I don’t know you. ㅠㅠ
I thought interpreting would be difficult too? Kim must have been frustrated, and his tone of voice seemed irritating. He's a star that I forget quickly and is in a good mood, so I thought I'd take better care of him if I became friends with him.
Is victory far away or is it victory?
From the groom's parents' point of view...
If you keep holding on, it shows your humanity.
Just reading the words in the article brings tears to my eyes...
I'm old. Choi Ji-woo got married and had a hard time. Before I get old, I'll be a good friend. As a half-human.
The baby's mother posted a photo of the running angle...
Madat, I can see that you like Hong Soo-hyun a lot. You suit them well. I hope they get married.
A celebrity has died, so let’s live quietly without any fuss.
Nohae.. If he were half a woman... he wouldn't be on air without his underwear on, so he would be an exhibitionist.. Even if he was a woman, he would be angry. ㅜㅜ
I flirted with a girl I met for the first time, but she was upset? Is it a sin? If you made a sexual remark and the other person is offended, you are defined as a victim? I want to touch it lol
The side of the face is thick and developed like a Mr. face, the front is thin, the nose is big and thick, and the waist is 20 cm. Is Runnyeon a Korean girl?⁉️⁉️⁉️
You know I ran..
If you graduated from Produce, you should have mentioned Wowon as your role model. Wowon High School is doing better these days.
It feels artificial
I was so happy that it got 12% during prime time on a Saturday evening, lol. I watched The Hundred Years Guest during that time and I have no regrets. I can't watch concept entertainment because I'm sick of it.
Is prostitution a bondage? It was a fine for what I did.
Do you like someone 20 years older than you? My mom and I are 21 years apart.
I really feel bad for being criticized so much.
I'm getting older, I'm getting older, I can't come to my senses if I don't have someone to take care of me. Tsk~ You're in your 20s and 30s, tsk~ It doesn't matter if you're in a relationship, so I'm trying because I'm frustrated. Thank you for your hard work~
Take it to the smallest detail.
Please help your friends and those who have money. It's too bad.
Yoo Byung-jae is getting more and more tired of the three-line poem.
Kim Jeong-hoon Is there anything that needs to be explained? The public is trying to get an answer from , right? There is nothing to answer. Don't be bullied by Kim Jung-hoon.
It's so late...?? Are you doing military service corruption???
I always sat in the PC room at 5 in the morning and lamented about my hard work.
But Hyuk makes money through YouTube.
I didn't see the broadcast, but Kim Won-hee, who doesn't have children, is Yu's nephew? Does that mean she considers her nephew like her own child? Don't you think about your husband's in-laws? If you can't have a husband, you can't do it. Kim Won-hee is a miracle.
everyone!!! Don’t you see it as a victory?
Can’t a couple step out? It’s really scary to see. The woman is so coy.
I feel bad when old people hear that.
What is Park Hyung-sik?
Korean bitches always have puffy fantasies and forget the true nature of chang women.
She looks like her aunt~~ She has grown a lot haha
The people who listen to the real radio show that it's fun are rubbish
I can't believe the main vocalist is missing.. Of all Sechky's songs, Kang Seong-hoon's voice is the most important.. I think it would have been better to see the responsible attitude of opening the concert at the end of the concert.. Of course, you should ignore being scolded by the fans.
The express
What is it? The comeback program is over. Call the forgotten kids and make shoes with tears. When they fade, call the person who will return. They are burning youth. A burning return is better.
Because I gained weight, I became like Choi Yu-ra.
All the daughters are pretty
I had plastic surgery so I couldn't feel anything. I should have had it done in moderation.
I clearly felt the difference between Yoo Jae-seok and Baek Jong-won, who humbly said goodbye. I think the real target is Baek Jong-won, whom no one can judge.
Joong-gi Byung-heon and Hyun Bin would be uncomfortable in the same work.
Chu Ja-hyeonyu, who became active because of China's retaliation for THAAD
Just let it go, it’s real fun
If you are single, you have children.
It's disgusting that Lim Ye-jin only has to act like a bitch and act like a bitch. Crazy, is there still run these days?
Jo Hyun-jae is good in most dramas. He acts well, has a good personality, and has a sculpted face.
Has it been 2 years since Micah got married? Won’t it get worse?
Celebrities are very upset, but the people are idiots and have the same old ways even if the government changes. Just catch the celebrities and catch the people who led to Jang Ja-yeon's death. The incident is flowing like a year map.
May the deceased rest in peace. I will remember your favorite levels, divine sorrow, wake me up, waiting for love, addicted to you, hey brother.
It has increased
Lesha, if you're going to get plastic surgery, just a little bit. Now it looks like you've done too much. It's easy and unnatural. ㅜㅜ
After Kim Jung Hoon, I can only see him doing it to make money...
There is only Ryu Si-min in the presidential election...
If you're in the intensive care unit, you're dead.
Every time I make someone feel unfair, they post it on social media and say it's a fortune in their life, but they don't care about things like Miji's thoughts.
Who needs the male lead? He has the same voice and can only act the same way...
I eat raw even though there is no new food.
It’s heartwarming.. nice people.
Sean?
I really always respect you and want you ㅜㅜ You were truly the best, starting from my wife’s queen ㅜㅜㅜ I love you, unnie ㅠㅠ
Romance with a 40-year-old woman is not good.
They say she's pregnant, but what's wrong with the clothes of a popular pregnant woman?
From a physiognomy point of view, Sangno-gu will be coming and going like a bread shop.
He was a really good actor... Rest in peace... May the deceased rest in peace...
Jeongyeon said that they met last year, but I was looking for a house... I was looking at something... I wrote this... I don't know who is right. We had to make a loud noise to end it among ourselves.
I had my nose done. The last time I had it, it was really gratuitous.
It's natural that lovers with a lot of controversy have a lot of hate comments.
You... what did you do when you said you were running away from the military? It must have been the date you got your body checked and selected for enlistment, but you said you were running away from the Burning Sun Moon, so you're just talking about a conspiracy theory that doesn't even seem like a story.
Chaya's agency made a mistake, so the schedule was planned by the agency???
Clara, I haven’t done anything to be criticized like this.
I know Camellia Flower was fun.
A world where you can't survive just by saying nice things
Cheon Woo-bin, if you're going to be so annoying, just die.
Never drink weed
I don't feel like a model at all
How about you go to the military twice for your fans instead of the handsome Yook Sungjae?
Park Han-byul is also a victim ㅠㅠ
Listening to the music of a stone that doesn't work, listening to Song Ga-in's song is a treat♡♡
Even though it was always easy for Jonghyuk, I had fun watching it~
Please respect your husband even if you are young. I have a baby, but I really don't like hearing you call me your husband.
I knew it would happen. Did you get hurt in the military or before you went? I was only going to the training camp anyway. It was calculated. If anyone would look at me, I would think I was a gold medalist in the national team.
My youngest daughter and Ki Tae-young look good together, but there's a fuss ㅠ
I asked a staff member to grab my hair so I could get on the search list just to find out what was happening.
Samsung calls for Jaeyong to be arrested for his fraudulent activities!! https://www1.president.go.kr/petitions/Temp/70RSXH
You can't dare to trap a professional in Youn's Kitchen's closed-door restaurant... No cast members except Eric.
It goes from 60 to 14, but from 120 to 14, hmm.
If you look at this guy's humanity, he is so exhausted that he is a loner in Choi's family.
Now that I think about it, I think it's the first time I've seen an actor from Cha Tae-hyun's agency say something bad~
Don't make any hasty judgments. If you look into it, you'll find out that it's all messed up. People are so picky about others that they can't even take care of their surroundings, so it's crazy.
Isn’t it supposed to be Yook Sungjae? Changseop is Noh Sangkwan haha
?You think it’s pitiful? Coastal sense of the Republic of Korea
You can get married quietly, it's all the same.
It seems like she would be suitable for the role of a female actress who interferes with Jisung's coolness.
He said he couldn't play billiards and said he was going to play rum foca doo, but as anyone who has been to a billiards hall knows, he was wrong.
Rin did better ㅠeasyㅠㅠ
Are children taking on the sins of their parents? Foot
People who say the exact truth but they keep arguing and being dissatisfied are criminal Jung Joon-young's acquaintances hahaha.
Jeon Hyun-moo, who was about to talk about Han Hye-jin's feelings, didn't look very impressed. She didn't seem happy~~Han Hye-jin looked like she was clinging to Jeon Hyun-moo, but Han Hye-jin didn't seem to want to break up~~
I think it’s hurtful to be kicked out just because you’re in a relationship. Being honest is trustworthy and good, Shanghai Shanghai
Let's leave out Gyeonglim....
I'm like someone who didn't go to the military as an American citizen... but I don't know...
Humans... don't change. Jinjin Wang.....people can't do that
To be honest, there is a huge difference in acting skills between Hyun Bin and Park Shin-hye ㅠㅠ Hyun Bin is good, but I can't focus on Park Shin-hye alone ㅠ Especially when they just talk, it's very awkward ㅠㅠ
It ended after Dohee left the group.
I don’t think Han Ji-min has such a pretty face.
I saw flowers in Dawn Hyun's eyes, but as expected haha, and Shin Dong-wook met Hansa at the door of the bottle haha.
Hahaha, they try hard to show their domestic side. They don't change that easily hahaha There are a lot of married couples in the show~ Since they are an actor couple, they seem to be good at acting~?
Should I film a run? Isn’t this the same thing as filming a sex video?
What a shame.
It must have been very difficult, but thank you for coming back♡
Is Kim Won-hee infertile because she doesn’t have children?
Don’t be afraid, Ra-unni! Both you and Dong-sae are here! Let’s fight bravely!
I look forward to it, Mr. Mong.
Miji made it like this... You should have slept well!
Why don't you tell me that you are sick too? I don't have any luck with my body lol.
It's like all cancers...pancreatic cancer, biliary tract cancer...I really hate itㅠㅠI took my mom to see meㅠㅠI wish you all the best...
It's Nono Japan, so I'm going to scold those little brats, you bastards
Hong Jin-young is the truth
I must have touched it before I was pregnant. You can't take medicine when you're pregnant. Someone also cut me with a knife. It's not news.
Are you embarrassed because you're married to a female celebrity who earns a lot of money and is half an office worker? Privately..Rudge?
As expected, BTS 2 is worthy of being called EXO ㅎㄷㄷ Have fun, I want BTS!!
I really don't think I can live with a lot of people...even if we have a lot of money.
Haha, there are a lot of Kang Daniel's followers~ There must have been something. Because it was there, it must have caused an uproar. Don't just look at it blindly, but look at the reality. There's something else to shield, you idiots.
Since there is a history of being involved in the Kim Kwang-seok case, broadcasting is not allowed. In a country governed by the rule of law, rulings should be made according to the law. Are broadcasters inciting public opinion and ruling in droves? Is the broadcaster PD a judge?
Cheating is a sin. You can't love only one woman your whole life.
If you boiled your family's favorite soy sauce while you were alive, you should go bye bye when you die, right?
Even if it's bad, to someone who plans to live there for the past year.... Cheer up, Sangmin-pa❤️
If you come to war, the bastards will make a fuss to save you.
I'm doing it
I hate Song Hye-kyo... Their wedding photos are really pretty... but...
It's okay, Park Myung-soo takes over.
It's really shameful. Even if they order a mobilization of all agencies and look like they're going to bury Goo Hye-sun, there are a lot of people who want her. Cheer up, Goo Hye-sun.
I don't look like a stone.
Is Seongjae Kim an unknown? Oldies selling memories?
Gian 84 become more successful and drive the feminists crazy. It's fun to watch
Please enjoy the exhibition as well. It will be good for Yeong-ja since it is a malicious comment.
It must be hard for female celebritiesㅠㅠ
To be honest, I envy Jung Joon-young
There are a lot of twisted people. Hannyeos seem to be a special breed... Be happy.
Go back to the mountain and practice. End.
Is this even a face? Hahahaha. Run face is just a minor extra.
I guess he came because he was there. It was hot.
Give me the radish.. I hate it ㅠㅠ
If I had opened the lid...
This guy is going to catch something in his mouth, too. Sooner or later... I heard there's a Netflix stand-up show coming, so if there's any bullshit that gets cut there and goes around, the community will get chewed out and the atmosphere will be high.
Hyunbin looks similar to my husband☺️
Everyone is in the position of knowledge. Even if it can be easily repaid, Kim Young-hee was a thief who said she had no intention of repaying it because she borrowed it. Even legally, there is a thing called giving up inheritance, so there is no need to repay her parents' debt. People who openly criticize Kim Young-hee.. Be good.
Seunghyun hyung, you did a great job ㅠㅠ. I don't know if it's refreshing to see a slap in the face to women who have been abusive and rude to men. Please don't forget that there are people who want you too.
I like female TV shows. I don't know if they have thick tongues, but it was hard to hear the sound that stuck to the roof of their mouths. There were many dramas I wanted to watch that I couldn't watch because they were women ㅠㅠ
I want to marry you.
Hyun Dawn~ Triple good
Women too will change their lives and the humiliating pain will never be forgotten. Please reflect on the actions you took 10 years ago to satisfy your desires and go back.
I heard that the father-in-law loves his daughter-in-law very much. It's nice to see it.
Left???? Did the living right wing come out?????????????? Did they release a diss song about Park Geun-hye???
Haha, did you run out of money??? If you do anything, you'll creep in and act like shit, but if you think your situation is shit, you'll just talk about it??? I don't like actor Sunjae because he does it in a different way. A bitch who pretends to be nice but has no responsibility
That's right. Baek Jong-won, you're pushing your limits. You're too greedy for broadcasting with instant recipes that suit your level, so just raise your reputation and attract franchise owners to your original job.
JTBC needs to start with just the push.
Elijah, please play a good role ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I’m scared ㅠㅠ Good times? I was a fanㅠㅠㅠ
Do you hate non-celebrities more? There are only celebrities and non-celebrities in the world..ㅋㅋ
Bora Kim
Don’t be anti-Minjung, I don’t want to see it.
I announced the disbandment of EXID because I was acting... I trampled on all my dreams because of one woman's selfishness...
failed at 20% during the weekend time slot. As expected, for Subs, Teacher Kim 2 is the best, surpassing 21% during regular hours. Teacher Kim 2 is exceeding 21% in the early and mid-season. ㄷㄷㄷ Teacher Kim 2 Han Seok-gyu confirmed as the grand prize winner ㄷㄷㄷ
I'm sure they approve of the actual donation and run live show, but if not, it's not good to see Lou Gehrig's disease being used as a means of promoting their networks of interest.
Is the ratio of women in their 30s to 40s real?? I feel sorry for the old women who can't have a proper relationship and only watch run fantasy lol.
I might make a mistake, I'll be scared, no matter what
After Son Seung-yeon became the King of Singers, the line-up continued to be a mess. If they ran out of people to recruit, they would just do it... It's not fun.
Please let Simon D do it again.. The Chuseok special is being re-aired right now and I am so in love with it.. Simon D and Rae Langsome are also fun.. He really looks like Simon D. He is so kind.. Please let me see Simon D..ㅜ
♨ It looks like he reflected on it, but I guess he just ignores it..
I wish I could give birth to a man with a lot of weight. I can't live like I should. Life flies by in an instant... Why should I be jealous of Riddle? If a man lives like this and gives birth to a child like this, it is absolutely okay.
Are you pregnant or something?
Season 2 gaaz!!!
The topic of the program is a burning youth, but it feels like it is gradually heading into a burning twilight... I wish it was a one-time introduction and a good introduction to the current situation...
Let’s go to Park Park. Chae Park Han-byul. What are you going to do with an actor who can't even act?
Han Go-eun, who once got into trouble for being in debt.
Lawyer Seung-Woo Ko, he is cheap even if he is treated like a ransom.
There is a chat room, and you can join if you are invited. Even if you haven't tried the chat room before, you may have just been invited and become a member.
I heard Swings All is fun lol.
If the person who watched the TV didn't show up
Kim Tae-ri... take acting practice!!! What does the smoke look like?
Pretending to be nice while praying for someone you don't even know who he is lol Jo Senjing
If it's Pyo Ye-jin, it was predictable from the beginning, so it's so obvious... I can't believe it... Haha, the writer must be in trouble too haha.
The answer is simple. A player with better vision, passing ability, and sense than Son Heung-min can play, so a player who can trust Son Heung-min and attack can play. That's why I'm appointing Kang-in as a starter, Coach Bento!!
2nd year of middle school who is great at acting
I should make a name for myself through acting. I want to make a name for myself through dating. Think I'm being embarrassed. Who are you?
Kyung Kim Tsk....
Is it okay to say to a woman who has been sexually assaulted, ‘Just be careful?’ haha.
It hurts the hearts of antis who want to scratch their faces just by looking at the innocent faces of Miji, but hehehe looks like a ninja...lol
I always didn't watch it, but Han Go, Eun Shin, Young Su said she was pretty??? Should I make a meme?
In 1959, during the Liberal Party era, you entered Byrd Law School and then moved on to Hollywood? You were a great person.
I had fun!!!! Thank you to the crew and actors for their hard work!
I'm jealous of Kim Sarang's treatment... Do you think she'll even smooth out her fractured leg under the pretext of treatment... Tsk.
It was obvious from the first episode~ It's the cause of intestinal swelling~ I knew it was going to happen from the first episode~~
Taerang also has a crush on you in the drama. I wish I could watch your drama as a drama. I forgot everything... Jin-woo cheated on me... I don't know, but there are so many people who wish for everything to work out with the person they cheated on with...
But you look kind of creepy. It's like you have a certain personality.
I expected the reporters to ask questions, and I know they are not on my side, but it seems like anyone would go in silently. Just leave it alone. If you watch, it will become clear.
Don’t post malicious comments. Is Kang Jeong-ho a habitual drunk driver?
Are you not going to get married? Lose weight, you'll be prettier.
I really watched it, and I'm not going to lie, it was boring. I feel like there really aren't any movies these days.
Please increase Gojuwon couple broadcasts ㅠㅠ It's too short...
Are you swearing? They say you two love each other.. Don’t you have the right to curse and criticize? You have the right to criticize me, right?
Haha, there are a lot of dirty Thai people in Korea, so let's just send Sherry away too haha.
Well, to be honest, my face was Photoshopped, and before I was attractive because I was a broadcaster, but now I'm just an ugly half-person.
Warmer words than harsh scolding.. others.. the truth that changes the world.. touching ㅜㅜ
Jung Woo-sung said the right thing, but is there an uproar? Rather, cartoonists seem like a cult.
The acceptance speech should be short and not boring. It was boring.
Good luck Hyori
Even if the unheard of person dies, I pay my condolences
typical korean man
It doesn't make sense to control the power supply. You're talking nonsense, right? Reporter's imagination?
Women are happy not to go to the military.
Even minors can get married, and they are more proud than those who try to pamper them even though they are just blindly criticizing me. But even now, I am always dissatisfied with my life because I am always leaving slanderous comments and making fun of my parents.
My eyes have gathered together, I like Park Shin-hye's star, Shin Dong-yeop's gathered eyes, I hate it, there's nowhere to go, Jjanggaerang
Is it really a malicious comment? I have a professional job, so did you guys add anything? lol
It's been a while since Kim Joo-hyuk died... He seems like a bad guy...
68% Jummas. Are you teaching your children to speak kind words? Show me your collection of comments, kids.
I wonder if I'm writing a drama about killing people like this. I don't even shed a tear and just laugh. It's a waste of time. I only tried to watch Kim So-yeon and Choi Myung-gil's acting, but it always sucks.
If you really don't want to be criticized, just live a normal life.
What the hell are you talking about...
I need to meet a Chinese man in my life
Baek Jong-won also seems to be earning nothing. Are you directing? He's complaining, but I don't want to hear it all. Is there no other way than teaching? Those who teach and those who learn lack wisdom. I should also try an alley restaurant. I'm going to get cancer.
Articles related to celebrities have a particularly high ratio of women in the comments... There are a lot of low-quality, masturbating posts.
Hahaha, no one is serving me, so I came to my senses and rushed over.
If I were in a relationship with 5 people, it would be great... I wonder who is right... Ugh.
It's natural for a man to beg Hwasa's house to open the door‼️‼️
I saw Shin Dong-yeop again.
They put an iron plate on the face of Taehwan Park.
Look ahead, love! It's a mess after falling into a manhole. Go and have a laugh. If you heard it in Korea, watch the video.
I don't like this guy... something's wrong.
There was no evidence to the point where they couldn't identify his real name, and he was only focused on schmall, so he edited the song to be provocative. I believe it, and the follicles in the corner of the room with udon noodles in their brains are like, well, did you take a noodle class? Do you know and is it true? lol
If you are a descendant of an independence activist and have inherited spirit, try shouting Kim Jong-un OOO or Moon Jae-in is a spy.
Are you from Jeolla-do?
Those who are pushing Chun Woo-bin must have forgotten that Chun Woo-bin was also a gangster.
I thought it was him and had to look for him separately. His acting was so impressive!
It's true that it's commercialized
Look at the Sanghwa clown. The surface area of ​​the ice is bigger than Gangnam. Even if you take the picture at an angle to hide it, it will be noticeable.
I want the great actors and actresses to continue acting ^^
I'm just skipping Korean women haha. I've lost all my beauty.
They say that they swear in places where Mr. Rat is not around... It's like 'Mr. ~'... Even if it's to the extent of saying 'Mr.' to their peers, they do harm... It would have been rude to call him President Moon Jae-in if he had called him Mr. Moon Jae-in...
Hanshaman ~ Dolpal Hanshaman
Moon Heejun got it!!! Unfavorable...!!!
Fuck the school bombing sensibility~
If you have money, you can get married, but lol.
It was fun for the first time in a while. It was easy for the former president to have an empty seat. When the former president was there, it was fun just to sit down and talk.
But the culprit was Kang Neul
Are you a Chinese girl?
The wives. He's pretty, but what's the shape of Yoon Sang's face? Do you want to?
When I looked at my stomach, I thought my daughter's wish would come true. Thank you. It's really hard. Good luck in the hot weather. ^^
I don't care if you get married or not, but just go for a man. This part is so boring that I have to fast forward and it's really annoying.
Don't go to Korea. I'm disgusted by the thought of going there and bustling around, smelling like dogs and pigs.
Go Won-hee, last year or so, at the year-end awards ceremony, I was shocked to see all the actors who were to receive awards applauding, but they were sitting in their seats. They looked pointless and spoiled.
Yeonhee is good at Gamba
Gong Hyo-jin’s rip-off shopping mall?
Hong Jin-young's face is also more deceiving than her face.
Such program actors make fools...S Broadcasting Entertainment has gone..
Namjoo Kim doesn’t smoke, right?? Mr. Go is so sad
If Yeoju were Yoon from Girls' Generation, which is doing well these days, she would have acted better than Sunkyung.
Sejji is really annoying.... Has director Cha Bum-geun really taken it easy?.... ..... Frankly, I'm disappointed...
Jang Yun-jeong's younger brother played soccer, so he will also become a soccer player.
Dongjun Kim's acting wasn't that great
go!!! Fellow Gangdong-gu resident~~~~I need to go eat sometime.
Kim Heung-guk is alive and well. Would you go to the streets to pay your respects and be embarrassed? Anyway, let's not be flirty in life.
The heyday of tv is long gone. I'm going to become a member like an in-group and naturally pursue individual activities.
I was thinking about going to see it before the Golden Slum Buggy, but it's fun?
As expected, the warm, doctrinal ending reduces immersion!
Among famous actors, he is the top one~
Who took the woman in her 40s?
I heard people talking about Runga acting on the radio. I changed the channel and didn't watch it.
You're in touch with Yucheon, right?
I don't really want to buy it, but they sell things that look like I'm drunk.
I'm jealous of skinny people. How can I have such a big belly when I'm pregnant?
If Jang Do-yeon is fixed, she will likely receive the grand prize.
I dislike Yunji and Seo Min-jeong very much.
However, the fact that the market was pushed out was deceiving and refreshing. I didn't want to see them grow up to get even a penny more in compensation.
In my past life, Ra... If you envy me, you lose! Sheesh~
He looks like a North Korean man guarding Hollywood's new girl. Haha. He saved Ra in his past life. He looks like a doll. He has a slim body.
Park Yoochun didn't do drugs. He mixed it with Hwang family noodles.
Brie Larson and Suzy are all fighting.
It's truly stunning beauty. Live happily ever after.
More than anything else, Ahn Jae-hyun’s beauty is the biggest burden.
I don't like boom
These days, women are going crazy. They just live quietly.
If BTS is a role model, they will continue to be second in line to EXO, right??
You took your mom’s last name, right?
Is this something worth mentioning? I'm not interested
Jiwoong, get good treatment and live well!
So much so that I wonder if I wrote it wrong as 38 or 48 haha.
Anyway, I don't think I really want to regret it.. A few days ago, I even piled up a lot of verifications that I sent gifts to my fans. Haha, this guy is just helpless.
Honestly, I don't know who it is. I hate people who pretend not to know and say I have a wide musical spectrum.
Let’s go to the Rose Inn~~~
Song Jong-guk is not good. Kimchi bitches, the bitch who broke up a family with children is a bitch. Three people suffered damage because of it. Those Kimchi bitches who only look at Song Jong-guk are not good. They are all preliminary flower snake bitches.
Is it his fault that the cat ran away?? They say they brought back a child who ran away and raised him??
Sounds like beauty!! The beauty is all frozen to death!!!
Judge X is equally out of his mind.
~Han Hee I don’t think Seo is unique at all and Sulli didn’t do anything wrong ㅡㅡ
Pretty actor. A good actor.
Money is power and beauty is also power. I'm jealous of everyone.
He looks like a criminal in his 40s.
I want to be like Namjoo Kim. I respect you.
Is it the end if you just forge it? Did you cut it off a little bit? Who watches a show that ignores viewers and doesn’t even give feedback?
Observation... What are the conditions for blindness? Saying that he was taking Philopon, Harley just gave up and made a funny observation.
The cost of housework is 30,000 won. 30,000 won per delivery. Wow.
It's a false statement lol.
It's so cute haha, but you need to lose weight, Rae~~~
Ugh, if you give it to me nicely, I’ll curse you even more,,,,
He's going well and has a lot of money, but what if he's discriminated against? Haha, Mr. Ddong looks like he deserves to be discriminated against. He's an admirer of white people.
Park Bo-young was called the queen of chemistry...casting was easy...
He was a fan of Korea National University futsal, but now that Korea University futsal is no longer available, I can't see Noh Ji-hoon... ㅠㅠ
is fun hahahaha
I fell in love with you even more after seeing you get the injection...❤️ You, Hwang Minhyun, are you going to be so kind!!
I want to eat
Kim Jong-min's ex-girlfriend Jang Yoon-jung~~
About a year ㄲㅈ
Let's just have fun
Women can do well in the military too.
I don't know who it is... I know they're going to do it, but I'm going to do it...
Would I have done it if I had lived with poor Chan? Would I have done it if I had been a disgusting woman?
omg… It's really, really, really great. They can do whatever they want. It's always the same haha. It's a great company. The agency doesn't resolve the issue and just throws it away.
Damn Siri with a damn union..
Horang-hyung, I really appreciate you taking a picture of my Nokyang-dong studio 12 years ago and signing my autograph!
He's not attractive at all. Charm is important, especially actors.
Pay the price and live a healthy life
Always look forward to it
Jeong Mi-ae has a pretty face~~
My 9-year-old daughter said, “Out of all the weekend dramas I’ve watched right now, it’s not that interesting!! So I turned it off, shepherded me, and went to sleep.. A dream that makes Sarah young.. I’m sorry, Actor Choi Soo-jong ㅜㅜ
It would have been cooler if Hyosung had said that he gambled instead of weak Shu, but it's a bit easy haha. Were you so distracted that you couldn't think deeply? ^^*
Giregi likes Hong Soo-hyun a lot.
You guys are sleeping well haha. I'm giving you a shield.
Did you fall after drinking? Who are you giving a shot to? hehe
The Hannams went crazy, tsk tsk..
I wish they changed actors after enlisting~ Jongseok's acting doesn't suit Yeong and Moo. Park Bo-gum recommended!
Since it's a real sword, I'm going to go to the middle of the day. It's been floating around since I've been in the middle of a long time!!!!!!
I miss you Soyeonㅠㅠㅠ
Yoo Yeon-gi is really good at this drama that really leaves a lasting impression ^^
Hyunwoo fans are disgusting.. he sings as a singer. What a great career, and since she's a female singer, she doesn't even have a lot of fans, so it's mostly hate comments.
I was surprised to learn that it was about Park Jimin from BTS. . .
What did Cho Yeo-jeong do??
Oh, Sohyun, it tickles, oh... Kimochi
Just like before~ Well taken care of
Minho... he doesn't make a great impression... Are you the same guy as Choi Jong-hoon? Anyway, without realizing it, I’ve been in love with you since a long time ㅜㅠㅜ Soohyun, hurry up ㅠㅠ
Garbage separation was not done properly.
I’m jealous of Hyun Bin. Beating all the pretty girls...
You went to study abroad and worked at a restaurant? You can do it without it
I heard about the article?
Guraganigu... Lada... Girega...0
Your face is wide. You can play soccer.
Carol... work...
By the way, Han Seo-hee is beautiful even if she uses a photo. If it had debuted normally, it would have been quite popular.
