
At that level, the drama is on the verge of becoming a blockbuster. Somehow, Bevon 2 might come.
Even if you lose weight, you won't look good...
When I look at it, I feel bad for it.
Is it wide open? Is the guy you picked pretty?
It's like you keep buying good food. It's going to take a long time. You are expensive, and half people will see you as cheap ready-made clothes. ''Cheap is expensive.''
I lost my car because I was selling it..
Take a good look at it and get married.
Wow, what a reflection, the country that raised me is definitely a communist party~ Kongsandang
This guy is a black engineering student and nurse...
Wasn’t this written without any evidence? Haha, is this evidence of tears of damage? Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
I feel sorry for people these days.. Even if they have money, they can't handle being a mistress..
What on earth is wrong with Han Hyo-joo? It's my fault for mistaking my younger brother, are you the victim?
Now, the ending part of Endgame has been leaked and is spreading. Be careful everyone
Donating is really good. Try searching for Park Soo-hong's donation... It would have been better to do it like Park Soo-hong rather than advertising it like that.
song? Are you a scene? Haha I’m sorry.
These days, the webtoon generation can’t do it.
There are two ministers living in Korea. Seo Jang-hoon and Ahn Jae-hyeon. Thanks to this, Ra is maintained without being ruined.
Social Population My brother, Seoin days, 9Muses rookie days = you. They say he's a nice guy and a good person... but they say he had a dirty past... They say he's connected to a dirty and dirty place.
Yeon Woo-jin is really old.
I will save Jae-hyung, who is in trouble after being revealed to be Yeon Da-yeon, who went to Assistant Manager Joo. lol
Hyunwoo doesn’t look at people. He is the ugliest
I’m curious about her face
Girl, Chisa-gu, you be careful. You want to have him, and you both want to enjoy it. There's no way you can get away with it as it happens. Don't be jealous and live well as if you're showing off.
Jumma, I'm going to fry my husband all night long lol.
Ochang, Chae-eun, Man, La, Mu, obsession with settings, no sincerity~ Mu, like a fox, boring
Honestly, it's more fun than most cartoons haha.
I'm doing it all.. They say leave it alone... 10 If you wear trendy clothes in your 20s again, you can't wear them anymore. It'll all stop on its own when you get to 30. Just leave it alone.
Look at it lol
You're being violent. You won't even see 0.1 degrees of anger, but it's an irrelevant topic.
don't come again
I envy Yulhee and Dani
Wow.....
So what on earth is the purpose of filming? A new type appears~ Article article Alganda
The broadcast was great~
Please go to a good place.. I think you'll run to number 1, Jeongsu Yoon.
It's not a separate show, but they wrote an article saying it's standalone... It's hard to make money.
I want to be as strong as Reum~~ She has a pretty face and is good at acting.
What are you doing without getting married?
They said they would arrest him or give him treatment... but it's a sign of addiction. I thought you were hallucinating. What are you doing with this girl? Whoever told me to do it... whatever. You did it right. Are you letting me off the hook that he forced me to get?? hehe
Trudy is cute and good at rapping, but they criticize her, right? They say we're dating because they like each other, but is this really hot?
I must have gotten an advance confirmation from Han Hye-jin. How much time does it take to be so rash? Haha.
Seungyoon, it's good that things are going well with you... To be honest, he doesn't give a very likeable impression to me... I don't know if he actually has a personality, but I shouldn't be prejudiced, but Uldong Family Doctor looks like Seungyoon. What a scary piece of shit lol
There is no article saying that Jeong-jun took a drug test.
Who cares what your face is or not lol Mr. Ra always wants it
Oral sex during sex between a man and a woman is a caress attached as a basic option, and shame is also a basic item in the basic sex order.
Namcheon Jeonjip in Namcheon-dong, Busan serves Dalgogi Jeon. Conversion taste
Do you think the public knows that your boyfriend is straddling you? If you didn't know it was a stranger, then you don't have eyes to see. Don't use it as gossip.
Why are you not wearing a bra???? It really seems like in Korea, Run Sisun Run Shu. peel. Considering the soft human body, is Korea particularly unique?
But it seems like Big Bang is just about to die. It seems like they are losing strength and turning over what was covered.
A world where you go to jail if you don’t have money.. Moon Jae-in’s country.
Were you in a relationship with Jun? She said they broke up?
I must have had a lot of hormonal facial shape management while preparing for the work. I wouldn't have done it otherwise, but I'm glad that I put in a lot of effort for one piece. I really enjoyed it. I think I discovered a new actor. Cheer up, Dongyoon!! I really think it will be fun in the future
If he was half human, he would have been a successful businessman... but he started a business so big with his lover that he got screwed haha. Your sin is that you were born in Hell Joseon haha.
How was your time as a trainee? Are you the one who joined because of your calling? Talk about your mother and daughter’s livelihood
If you have money, there is a 99% chance that you will cheat.
You're in moderation, you're in your 40s, but honestly, you shined. Also, it's against the law to sing old songs again. The singer is a remake and a cover song, so it's crazy.
What is Moon Chae-won’s real swordsman Yu? Because it’s next door. Curious. An actor who is close to Jeong?
Let's talk about it with people who have already finished it. Don't get caught up in things that haven't ended yet.
Jumma, I’m not interested so live quietly.
I hate Ock Joo-hyun
Ryuho is handsome
A lot of people will criticize me for just one photo with Seungri. If I could become best friends after drinking just once, I would have 100 best friends.
I want Lim-yang~ I loved everything truck and Inseong-ju looked good. Don't worry about the malicious comments. This is truly a waste of a handful of lives.
Haha, President Moon is doing well in taking measures, and China is also providing support, so the people can travel around with peace of mind.
If it's Mi Yeon-woo, it's not cute or romantic, so it's not fun.
Even though he was fat, he was sincere and kind. If Moon Jae-ang's wife was pretentious and had a bad personality, like a pig butcher, I would hate her, but Guk-ju is a hateful person.
I hate articles
All you can do is complain that everything you watch on the crappy TV doesn't work.. You're a beggar to buy something good.
If you look at Jeong Woong-in's internal Instagram, it looks like he spends his days off from filming hanging out with his family. He really seems like a homely person. Will this person become a great adult in a learning environment? I’m so jealousㅠㅠ
A guy who pretends it's a crime and trembles. He goes to a hotel room in a dirty place and eats it. If he gets married, his life will be ruined.
Pregnant woman wow Daegu ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ I’m stuck in my house nu ㅜㅜㅜ
It has been proven once again that the remaining 10-year-old kite is unconditional.
Are you going to become a star? He's just a small, ugly fat guy. He can't become a star.
I'm going to touch it now.
Minsu, honestly, I’m not satisfied with your quality. Just admit it and move on.
To be honest, Kim Tae-ri is quite young, and even though she is in her 70s or 80s, she is young, pretty, and innocent in her late teens to early to mid-20s. Only neat and clean women are good
I liked Maritel, Yuri, and I'm really congratulated that you're getting married. I hope you're really happy. I hope you two have a happy married life.
Do-seo Al-ju is a musician and this is my first time hearing it. Is it Freeka BJ?
The song is good, he's a Destar, but his acting is world-class
Retire, Kyung-gyu. Gyulline is all about accidents haha.
I didn't take responsibility for something like this when I made an accident with the kid I was taking with me.
Same actors, same acting, same characters, Korean dramas really have no development, nothing new.
I had a daughter?? What?
Please do not leave malicious comments to Han Seo-hee.
After 10 years, Yoon Seo-in will definitely be re-evaluated. There is nothing wrong with what I said
It's surprising that he owes 4.5 billion won, and it's even more surprising that he only pays off the debt even if he is so popular. In that case, Hongjin and Runaeun will earn 1st place haha.
The pitch, the beat... it's all messed up, but it's funny...
Baek Jong-won is so popular these days... If Baek Jong-won's momentum is strong, he will jump into politics and become president haha.
Is there anyone who hasn't seen Jobo's Jeongbeop?
I feel sorry for Hyunwoo and Hyunjoo
Out of the three, Choi Jong-hoon is the most handsome♡
As expected, my younger brother has become calmer. It doesn't get messy like a bun, so it's good for hygiene to tie your hair neatly haha.
Talcorno??? Gidesungcha!
If you're not curious, don't come here. I'm curious and interested, so I just say I'm jealous of the bad comments.
Kim Bo-ra's roles are all gloomy and tragic.
Did you go on a salty tour?
Don't buy a high-rise apartment, but buy a ring on the first floor haha.
It's okay because you're handsome.
Well, you don’t think exposing open breasts is exposure, right? You think you just need to cover the top? It’s like breasts on the upper chest.
Let’s make a big fuss over a song that isn’t even good
Oh, I'm a guy...a skinny woman is disgusting, but a fat woman looks healthy and good.
Lim Hyeon-joo is so cute and powerful.
No power
As expected, Rado’s guts
I'm a Gura fan, but I searched for guys outside the group.
Actor Kim Hye-jun, I thought lilies would definitely become a trend. Congratulations!!!!
I could have lived comfortably if I had made a fuss, but it's a pity.
Uh, you're getting married to someone younger hahahahahaha I won't see you for 2 years old. If you're healthy, if you're 40, you're done. Go to the hospital and get tested. Is it possible for you to get pregnant?
You look better with bald hair
A lot has changed since I started watching it haha.
To you....I told you to have sex outside of marriage...don't sow seeds even if you show off your dick..I'm going to punish you for my karma...you're going to have a hard time.
I overheard a conversation between two adults at a cafeteria for school lunches. The first attraction was that there wasn't a flashy story, the middle part was boring, and Thor was the worst, so the conclusion was not recommended.
Jo Min-ki committed sexual harassment, so why don’t you criticize him ㅠㅠ I thought he committed rape.
I hope Yeoju loses money
Seo Hyun-sook, you're so close... You're one of the top three cheerleaders these days, so there's a dating rumor...
Gee-ri... Post the news about North Korea and the National Assembly member rather than the lover getting hitched...
If you come without a stand-in, I'll go to Hwagwan and see you.
Hongjin doesn't even think about it. Hongjin makes more money.
Ryu Jun-yeol church search^-^
reunion!!! Let's make a comeback
I know that criticizing people who leave malicious comments is trash.
He used to use his fingernails while he was sleeping, and when he went to the store next door, he turned on the music loudly and ate grilled meat. Are the settings excessive?? LOL
Chuhyeon, make a fuss, I think Jikdo is Chinese.
People who leave malicious comments, don't want to see it, don't want to see it, don't want to hear it, and are deaf, are people who comment so hard that they only leave malicious comments because they live the way they want to live?
Somehow, it's getting less fun as time goes on. Only the Seong-Hoon and Park Rae episodes were fun.
The reality of the dog and pig group, the dog Korean people. If you buy your cousin's land, you're a hungry people, so even if you laugh in front, it's your job to peel pumpkin seeds behind you. The creepy Korean people are scary.
Park Rae Muobajima . It's loud and annoying... ㅡㅡSong Ga-in Suddenly
Rub it with a pounding sound. Don't judge the inconveniences of pros, including thumping, and live without it.
Is it this much harder to receive condolences without being able to sleep in Sangju than to die? Do you want to show off?? It's all right, but there's really no point in whining about it being difficult.
The controversial Superman episode is a popular program with twin doors, but since the program is popular, I wonder if it's for the Republic of Korea, and I'm just an ugly triplet and I'm eating a spoonful of rice lol.
It seems normal
As expected, Nam Tae-hyun, the female answer from Korea, looks incompetent and has a weak will, so he breaks down like kimchi and it doesn't seem like he's making money, so he dumps her as an excuse ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Wouldn’t it be possible to replace Dongguk with silver for a long time?
When it comes to karaoke, you always have to call a helper.
It's slowly becoming boring SM....
Boma will be filming a legal drama and a bittersweet romance drama. I can assure you that the romance scene between Gora and the male protagonist is shown, but it's all blown away. It's at the same level as a Korean drama, but people who think it's good are the same.
25 Oh Dal-su is also full-blooded, but as if it could happen, 25 people who say it can't do it, they will live faithfully.
If you were tortured, would you be a Taiwanese doctor?? I'll get treatment in Korea and marry a Korean man. I'll be happy if I marry him..
Cut off the criminal
It's a jangly candle... Do you want to wear a janggi?
If you've seen it, click on the recommendation button. 2020 will be a big hit and your family will live forever. It's a good needle.
I had a nice trip. I'm going to shave my head again soon.
Honestly, if you think about the second generation, Han Hye-jin's mask is...
In the drama, Jae was dragged by his mother's flesh, right?
Don't call the chef a chef.
The acting is great, the directing is also good, I'm enjoying it♡
I'm watching Song Joong-ki's acting very well. Fighting Joong-ki.
Since the entire amount is donated, you can learn from Puras, who is slim and pretty.
The weakling is handsome!
The personality difference between a woman who tastes like a man and a woman who has never dated a woman haha.
If I were a woman, I wouldn't date a man smaller than me, even if he had 1 trillion won.
As an old wife, I have the luxury of eating and selling.
Because I’m a broadcast writer, I have more faith???
Super sweet love... honestly, it's beautiful.
Goo Hye-sun's chat...
Comment I took a picture of Hannamnae’s coordinates
You're only 14kg... 140kg...lol
...Naughty people...people who enjoyed other people's pain...don't get the punishment they deserve...,, it's a fair society...you reap what you sow...
When you're 17, you're a senior in high school, so if you're two years apart, we can meet.
Are you really going to post a picture of your child in a uniform like that??? Guineum??
Jieun Is Lee hungry for trying to make love when he gets a bag as a gift and posting on social media that he got the second best gift while pregnant for 100,000 won? How can Lee be so ugly?
I'm going to lose weight
Mr. Kang is becoming more and more like Sunnim with a short mouth. Mukbang looks good lol
There are malicious comments all over the place haha.
It's so easy~~ I was hoping for a 9-game winning streak... I was happy while listening to Seok-Hoon Man's song ~~♡♡
Should I air it on TV even though I know it's illegal? They say it's going to be a disaster? Well merge
Who is it?
They match well ㅠㅠ I think the vibe matches Kim Ji-won more than Song Hye-kyo.
If you are fooled by plastic surgery and make-up and give birth to a baby, you are in trouble.
Just a little more and his popularity could have continued to rise, but he is the representative of the Gibonseong Naksokgu Porongseo and the ruined Kes... Tira, Gurara, huh? Both turn ‘la’
Rick, are you married?
MeToo is a dog playing with the media OOO MeToo is a joke to you
Kim Gura is like a criminal.
I don't want to see this scumbag, so I can't help but cry when I see it. Jiri. Are you alive? Jiri.
Oh Chang-seok and Chae-eun look good together, let’s get married~~^^
As for the cheating woman, it seems like she has a crush on Pyo-jin, but it seems like everything will be revealed in the last episode and she will live a good life with Jeong-seon.
I'm currently suffering from a new coronavirus. I'm going on a trip to Bali, so come to my senses.
Whenever the government comes, they block it with an article about a kite haha. Are you continuing it haha?
If you don't have plastic surgery, you're pretty, right?
A dirty leftist who only cares about money!!!
Opening National Petition
These days drama features Jumma Yong Porn. Renault
He spawns 10000%.
The current hot fan is Popcorn Gak and other 1st generation idol fansㅇㅇ
There are many people who say they will forgive after reflecting on their regrets. They said that you shouldn't hate people for their actions because of someone's envy, and that the harm done will be forgiven.
Well, a disaster broke out in Korea. Can't Chinese lovers use Korean cotton? Moreover, I heard that Song Hye-kyo is active in China a lot.
If it were her, she would have become a national OOO and everyone would have left without a single fan, but Jikdo still has fans.
Namgoong Min's acting is great and immersive.
To be honest, they look like a married coupleㅜMy husband doesn't come homeㆢHumㆢ
Is Nikki 52 kilos worthless? It's 170 53 degrees?
Miae seems to hate the article too...
Oh, I laughed so hard. Especially the challenge Golden Bell. Coyote Wonra.
I really like the faucet that opens. If the color is pink and black, I don't like the faucet's smell.
A woman's mouth is for oral...
Kian84 is good
Kim Ji-won's Run makeup is pretty though.
At least he looks better than Kang Daniel, Park Ji-hoon, and Ong Seong-wu.
Ku Hye-sun is a married couple, and I learned from watching their married life.
I watched it and it was so fun that it was easy to turn it into a solo show.
Is it Please Mom Part 2? Go Doo-shim, are you ready to kill Kim Hae-sook too?
Anyone who watched national football in the old days said it was all about greed.
25-year-old's arm and arm.. They're in their early teens.. I think they met each other when they were young.. If you think about it that way, it's scary that there are people in the world who are guilty of sexual crimes.
Hmm, I slept well.
Mom, it reminds me of my K-Pop days ^^ I still love it ♡ and don't leave malicious comments. I don't mess with your family. Imagine someone criticizing your family. That's a curse for someone who is petty. ㅠㅠ
Rather than Son Heung-min, we saw Hwang Ui-jo, Hwang Ui-chan, and Seung-woo againㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Goalkeeper ^^ Keeper Cho Hyun-woo was also good.
But it ended up like this because you seduced Jang Jae-in. I'm currently on a program show. The producer must be in a lot of trouble. What's the editor? I guess it's over, right?
Park Yoo-man got criticized for being a bit of a bitchㅡ
John can meet someone else.
Anyway, the moment you are careful, your life changes.
I feel sorry for MBLAQ, they are doing well, but the team disintegrates and the company disappears.
I'm 54 and 66, but I'm also 77 and I'm too small. I've only lost fat on my face and a little on my stomach. It's funny.
A big lot, 20 won, 200 million won ㅜㅜㅜ dog scammer, scammer eggplant
Shindong: I really hope Siwon Choi becomes a member of the National Assembly (true statement)
Are you saying that Seunggi has no intention and doesn’t work hard?
Tikpi is my brother❤️ It’s on air, so stand in line in front of my store, Kwan Jong-hwan!!
Rest in peace, brother.
They say it's you who won't give birth and you can't... but you pretend not to be desperate.
Just look at it and criticize it. I can't criticize it so I don't like it haha. Is this a bunch of victim mentality?
When the younger brother was born, he was especially fussy to get attention, but the second son was relatively calm because he was holding on to the river. William is also a baby, and he already has a younger brother, so he probably wants attention.
The comments are really dirty. Is it possible that the words you scribbled could cause great harm to others?
I'm a bitch and a pig that sucks at the medicine..
Sebin, please be kind...
Honestly, BTS is a group that I have nothing to say about even if EXO raised it.
Oh, I happened to see a chicken living with goats and ducks, and the hen didn't even sleep because it was laying eggs. Go away like a woman
Anyone who has ever drunk and not driven is unlucky to die.
Even if you don't look at it, the person who suddenly stopped activities haha?
Did you get a new nose?? Your bun nose is better than before
He's really ugly, so ugly. What would I have done if I hadn't come to Seoul National University??...
After watching it, I turned off the TV because of the female lead's acting. I saw that the male lead had improved a lot and showed signs of effort, but the female lead's acting was the same.
There are only negative comments... The plot seems sophisticated rather than frustrating, and it's only 10 minutes long so you can feel it...
Don't ignore One Table haha... If you find out, you may lose fat. One Table may be a childhood joke.
Minseok, you have a good voice and are very popular, but you need to lose weight~~ You'll look great if you lose weight~ You've become more popular, so take care of it~ Your belly is fatter than your neck..
Tower Palace management fee: 100 manon ᆢ Stufit
Of course tea. Is it a sit-in?
It doesn't matter because I became a fan without watching Produce
There was an article about it a few times... but what do you keep saying?
But there are a lot of people who get excited like this~~~~~~
I won't let you go to the military. Girls can do anything, it's connected.
We shouldn't criticize people like Tara (Chinese and Bonn). In the first place, it's at the level of a bully, so who is criticizing whom?
People say it's your fault, and women say it's your fault, but it's true.
I guess I was attracted to him for a long time.. Lee has a handsome face and he is very cute..
Is Big Bang better?? Is TVXQ better??
I like ♡♡Kim Hye-soo♡♡ older sister♡ younger brother
But are soldiers not allowed to go out after 22:00? Military judge?
Kim Tae-hee's degree from Seoul National University's College of Fine Arts is no match for Yoon So-hee, but even Seol Dae-reum is really smart.
Boss Baji, is it your fault?
A senile gamtaeng
Maintain the plan? I have no sense lol
What is it? What? Be humble. It's like throwing radishes and accepting them. If you're the main character but don't play a part, you'll get upset. If you make a fool of yourself at the city hall, you should be criticized.
Don’t worry about what others say and live well~~
listen to music I've learned enough.
Goodbye nu...
I'm turning the shoe because I'm worried that Linsa will explode haha.
To be honest, the target was Mr. Poong Sang...
The cub is really worthless. Abby also committed adultery with Kim Ji-mi and went to prison, ㅉ
Isn’t this a symptom that usually goes away? If you're a crab, take a diet pill...?
Heo An, I really thought you were pretty. Congratulations.
That's completely wrong
It's underpants anyway, so what's the exposure?
Hee's mom became a fan of Sunnim after watching the program^^
Seriously, both of them are disgusting, especially Oh Chang-seok. Would you be angry if he copied the script? I can see his personality, so I bought him a big ring and put it on him.. And when I saw the two of them hugging each other and going up, it was so shocking. They were going to tell me.. It seems like they are kicking each other before they get even more insulted.
Minhee Kim, don’t look back and be happy always.
I wish they would give it alternately every other week ㅜ Seriously ㅠ
The chemistry is good hahahaha
is LG VIP~
I buy Baek Jong-won's statement and look at Jo Bo's door. When I see Jo Bo, it makes me smile and it's good.
I counted people who were having a harder time than Anwon.
World class girl hahahaha
Wow, you look like a pig, your face is so far away, your nose is so fat, the clown is so omega, Park Shin-yang looks at the door, Go Hyun-jung's return, SBS is not working, KBS is also not working. Someone save me a substitute... Nose-maengmaeng pronunciation ~ It's so cool, who can watch it..
Is it heaven to shoot? What's the point of not having friends, both male and female? Doesn't your cell phone even have a sex phone number? A male friend and a female friend? If a male and female friend can't be friends, it's true that they can never be friends when they cheated and then ended it haha.
Only people who are good at singing high notes can sing well. A voice as delicate and pleasant to listen to as Seok-hoon is also good at singing. There are just a variety of genres~~ Seok-hoon's voice was never lost. At first, only the high notes scored a lot of points, but now it's different.
Fact = A person called his ex-wife unni wrote an expose on the Internet and then later apologized. I don't know that Di is my ex-wife's older sister, and I haven't gotten along with her since. Someone's post is putting a stigma on a person's life.
Because there is no EXO, the awards ceremony is inferior. It's like the Ballon d'Or ceremony without Messi Ronaldo...
Hyori is the ugly Kim Dong in the dumplings. If you look at her, does she suit this guy who is even more ugly?⁉️⁉️
I'm not a fan of Seonjeong, but I've been watching it since I was a kid and he's prettier than on TV. I hope you're doing well.
Ugh, who are you asking.. I’m getting so much attention because I’m a stranger haha.
OOO has no luck in every cheek, so he looks like a dick.
In the middle of the day... I'm thinking about whether I'm dating Park Bo-gum or not.
Is a man an animal? He was so sincere. He looked pure and serious. I wonder if he really doesn't care ㅜㅜ People think ㅜㅜ are people. I don't know. I can't even believe it.
Since I went to LCK...
I recommend double jaw surgery. It looks really good. Your neck ratio is really nice ㅜㅠ
The buffet was said to be offered for weddings within 2018, but it is now invalid.
For some reason, I feel like Park Myung-soo would be lying if he said he was sad.
The gender of a woman who DMs me even if I stay still. A man of the same gender who can meet a woman by sending her a DM, even if he is a lover... It is a clear power relationship. It's easy to open, but only the other person suffers. country of women's universe
If you're EXO, I won't watch it haha
What else can you do other than crappy broadcasts?
The shop incident is about getting to know people... Jihye is caring...
It looks like he will grow up well under a good father. Sam's father is a good person~~
Ugh, are you barking at something else? That bastard is from school. They say he looks like a cool boo.
Kim Won-hee~ I don't mean to tag you, but I doubt your husband would do it like that. Even so, I think there's at least one of you.
I think it would go well with a spy action movie, a genius physics role, and a scare. Love it.
The content is not interesting~~
If you don't eat it, what's the effort? It's hard to be so greedy and greedy.
anticlimax. I was disappointed.
Isn’t it a malicious comment that’s not that annoying?
Thailand is the one who broke into the national park, made a mess, started a fire, and gave away a photo shoot.. They are also the original government officials... Thai authorities too... Were you happy that they gave you money? Is it everyone else's fault for the national park and receiving guests without any reason?
Charisma seems to be truly top of the world.
There is no evidence, Seungri oppa was just tolerated and is not guilty.
Is Rum Seong-mi single? I didn't know.
Look, EXO did the ending of the 3rd company. Legendary EXO.
Uh....I wasn't that good when I was Teacher Lim Ryong, but I am now.
Is it a new model? Even the guy who received 35 million won shows humanity.
I gained 10kg during my marriage lol and I'm not even pregnant?? She's a loser... and she's a delisted girl
I wish the fan club could have a small wedding right now.
Goodbye.
But don't curse... There are a lot of restaurants with dirty ingredients and dirty hygiene... It's better to have bad taste.
There is no comparison to actor Jeong, who is of the same age.
Shin Jae-min Moon looks like Gwang-soo exploded~
It looks like I got some ugly plastic surgery, but I don’t like it.
Are you young?????
Please apologize to Hwijae oppa. Hwijae oppa gets angry when he thinks of being criticized.
Sonjin, in her 20s, remembers posting malicious comments like Deukdal, a hot-tempered girl. Now that I’m in my 30s, the amount of malicious comments has decreased haha.
All you have to do is kick it.. Watch it with a bucket of liver. Isn't it just passing all the blame to one side and throwing salt at the cast by pretending that they didn't do anything wrong? Not only is the writing a miracle, but the couple is also a miracle.
Other pros.. let’s just do it together.
Abolish the Run Overseas Travel Waste Program. Are you paying a license fee just for trash???
Sorry, it was edm 10, but who is Mtisto Polban?
Old men are a social evil. There is nothing to think about.
I have a bad stomach, so I think I didn't even drink water. I also ate urine and poop‼️‼️‼️
It's a time when ugliness due to aging gets worse~~^^
In the comments, everyone is criticizing Jeon Ji-hyun lol. Is it true that out of the many lovers, there are 30 people who donate??
If it's the same, I won't raise a dog even if it's because I feel sorry for the child. If at least I feel sorry as a mother.
There is no harm in looking at a child who is a real run article. All famous women have light and beauty together..... Even if you try to put a lot of effort into it, it is not possible for a child who is not good....
Kim Jong-kook ♡ Hong Jin’s vote! Just go ahead! When it comes to Kim Jong-kook and Hong Jin, they are number one in real-time swords. They seem to be a couple that the public wants to see as well.
There are many supporting actors who are good at acting even though they are not good looking. I don't think I have any talent for acting. The work is...
The acting was the best...ㅠㅠ
The girl is generally a miracle
Song Ji-hyo suits her too, but Hong Jin's wallpaper suits her so well haha.
I think I'll be weak at night~~ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
The skinny one was big.
If you're over 30, there's no answer ㅠㅠ I'm treated like a 25-year-old grandmother haha
If you're jealous because Sulli is pretty, you're a timid woman.
Who is the applause? Is it Soshi Dongnam?
~ What should I do? I pray for the soul of the deceased.
It's shiny and seems to be buried
Jin Yong-jin is the trend these days
Ever 2NE1? LOL. You can go to the national song and pop stage. You came to the pop show and said you were old just to criticize me. Late 30s???
It's like turning someone you don't like into a twist. She's the most beautiful woman in China.
It's so good, so good, so good, so good, so good
It's old and doesn't sell
Even though I was an overseas citizen, I wasted money like this.
Do you make a lot of money as a Korean lover? Act like you did... taking pictures of beautiful girls' videos... exposing panties while standing is basic... picking up and eating live bugs and doing it 500 times...
It's so damn loud. This is a division that was formed because they were so angry at Moon Jae-ang's past that they were fighting over everything. Are you going to throw a tantrum at a tourist? Are the airports closed and the sea routes cut off?
Good acting and good luck, fuck it
It shouldn't be distributed without consent to avoid damage to statues.
Han Hye-jin wasn't very good either, but she's similar. After all, this guy is smart.
The promotion always faces fighters who have gone 10 rounds of boxing.
I am jealous of the husband who took Nu~~ ㅠ_ㅠ I hope you are happy~
Big Bang is so reckless ㅜ For the first time, Seungri was out of the question
The conductor cried at the ending, it felt like he was seeing me, fortunately, I am living well with my husband now... Jang Ra's acting is really great~
Should I do more than you?
Hwang is very cunning with just one clam.
Is it really pretty? But Geonhoo is honestly really ugly.
Tae Gyu-hyung is this year’s acting grand prize winner!! It was a wonderful performance that gave me goosebumps!!! Gyeongdong High School Chat!!
I don't feel unfair about going to the military to protect Ra, and I think it's natural for a strong man to go to the military. But even if Yeo-eun loses, there's an uproar, and I don't want to see him like that.
A person worthy of being called beautiful
He was handsome. Byung-hun, I hope you come to your senses. Such a pretty wife and handsome...
You say you don't want to hear the sound of Jumma, but what do you mean by saying that inner beauty is important? If inner beauty is important, it doesn't matter whether it's Jumma or Gassi, right? The words don't make sense
Victory, 1 win... At least I didn't do drugs.
Will Phil be exposed? Isn't it time for the heyday of 3rd District 2 to come? Even if Shanghai is exposed, it will be awarded. money? Settlement money like Kang Ji-hwan? If you go there, how much money???
I don’t know hahahaha I expressed it like a girl Jongteuk haha ​​Nam Taehyun Jangda can act like a man hahaha
I thought it was fun, but the story structure was solid.
N: Yang Se-jong, Jang Hyuk... Of the two, I will die, and you both will live... Well, everyone in the star world will die... Even if they do, they won't be able to change history...
The atmosphere was so perfect... She was so pure and cheerful and cute... And Sang-yoon seemed to be a real fan hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, the eyes are pure and pure and cheerful and pure and cheerful. His smile is like that of a clown.
Whether you're pregnant or not, it's important for the common people to live well.
Replying to @TzuyuJungyeon
Honestly, if you are an actress who takes off her clothes and filmed a sex scene with a male actor, then if you are married and have a child, please refrain from appearing on TV and live quietly. As you grow up, you will get hurt and become crooked, 100%.
Gwanghee showed a surprisingly strong side in chases and grew on his own. That's right, except for that.
I think you look like Hong Yun-hwa who lost all the extra weight ^^
She has a good phone mentality...
It seems like my actor husband's weight gain of 10 kilos is not a good sign. live happily ever after
Ham So-won is pretty. You two are becoming more and more alike.
I'm really good at acting tears
It's difficult to live as an actress in a country that hates women.
I had a lot of luck, but I can't even talk like Shin Dong-yeop.
I became a fan of Namgoong Min after watching Stovely haha. lol
I really don't know who both of them are.
I'm really curious about Park Min's plastic surgery.
Park Seon's face is as cute as it looks, he sings well, and we have a good time~
Sasaeng. Even if you have a disability, don't think about becoming disabled with the expectation that Big Bang will give you a special gift if you like it. If you are going to have a disability, get disabled with the intention of living quietly while reflecting on yourself to your lover, who suffered because of your private life.
I'm definitely on Kang Ji-hwan's side
It is varied. Don't think it's a big deal.
After all, I can't ignore hair.
Beauty cannot be ignored
Kim Jae-wook is unlikable ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
Hwanhee goes to the good group and Junhee goes to the malicious group, so there are a lot of unfair situations.
It's the end, but it's a good thing. Even if it's the end of this week, I'm glad there are about 1.3 million people. I soaked the old Shima Nigo 3, and since it's Seunggi Jeonbuk, are you going to dream it all over? Are you a hogunji?
He's a singer. Yangjun is watching. Is this a song?
The acting army is so special that even if you go, it won't give birth. Even if you quietly look at the auspicious sign, it will behave unusually.
He is the one who created T.S. He will die.
These days, you're talking nonsense ~ It's hot and it's annoying ~
So is Seungri connected to the Qing Dynasty? The investigation is not proceeding. North Korea
Of course, it's a complaint that can be reported, but they say it's preferential treatment... Comment gender ratio... A collaboration between the two genders...
I dug up someone and took medicine, but my eyes had no focus.
You have to be a fool to live with a girl like Gisen.
Gwanjong. Stop making mistakes. I see you are extremely irritated. It seems dirtier than it looks. They say the kid is the type of person who will poop on the wall, but I'll bet on the mom who says it. Do you want to kill a woman with a long-dead ex-boyfriend?
It's so cool♡♡♡ I bought the book and read it^^
old song hye kyo
Please handle it according to the law. . . Please show me the penalty. I understand that flogging is one of the punishments in Thailand.
Fun! It’s so fun~ Life has changed, we see more of each other
It's wrong for him to come back as a weakling. How can he do something just because he made a comeback?
Big Hit Bangtan made a living haha ​​Changmin made money??? haha
They say the disaster is also due to Lee Myung-bak and Park Geun-hye. Is it similar?
The spare is a person who worked at a game broadcasting station and is a broadcaster, so it's true that he is a lover haha.
ㅁㅊ Yakjaeng, slowly crawl over~
Rapmon and Jjeri
What does dating have to do with fans? Haha, you uncivilized idiot.. Are you in a fantasy relationship with your lover?
I'm also curious about the process of whether Jun and Jae will meet again. Let’s watch dramas as dramas. It's unrealistic too. I watch it for fun.
I ran away while filming a drama.
Every time it comes out, the viewership ratings aren't that great.
I'm upset that I couldn't get my Horanu license.
Namjoo Boom, right? How to get nose surgery ㅎㄷㄷ
Of the two singers who haven't been revealed, it's Eksse, right?
It's a surprising visual
Isn’t this an age where you can love freely as long as you take responsibility? I know all of Director Hong Sang-soo's women as adults, so what's the point of having a soul?
Kim Sae-rom is a person who drinks a lot and suffers from severe rosacea. Look at it. I heard Sae-rom's drunkenness is trash, right?
Jobo said something completely correct. Who is this person who criticizes Jobo? A lover who makes money easily? Jobo looks like a ninja, but his acting is improving, and he's practicing Takoki so he can become the boss, so there's nothing he can't say.
Sorry for making you eat cold bungeoppang...
The drama itself is a Hannam fantasy story lol.
Suspicious because he is from Yeodo Island. Rather than a loving relationship, it seems like he's trying to grab someone's ankle...
Rae, wouldn't it be nice to live with a child who has repaired everything... Rae can't help but look at people...
Is it so far away that Dongbaek’s mother took a picture of Dongbaek? If it's a loan... I hate Haman's house ㅜㅜ
If you scolded me for being bored, would I scold you dozens of times? My husband went overboard. Ku Hye-sun, stay strong!
Take off the military victim mentality~
If you mentioned Bangtan, a popular guy...
Is Moon-sik afraid of losing his mother? He's afraid of being abandoned. He seems like a child hungry for love. If he had hit me, he wouldn't have done it. My biological father also abandoned me, so I think he's afraid that his stepmom will kick him out.
Kim Myung-min's acting is really good haha. Kimon, I would have watched Woo Man-gi in a rerun, but the innocent character costume was blown out.
The elementary school Suzaku game is straight
Currently, the Korean red fire is on the brink. This is the punishment of the Korean Lim Eun-nim for forgetting Eun-nim. Wake up and repent, believe in the Sunim, and meet the Sunim with a smile! Hang in heaven!
You said you didn't do drugs. Are you a fisherman?
These days, the lunch menu is about Fin.K.L.'s heyday, but when it comes to singers these days, the team is on par with Lovelyz.
Jinwoo. Seol's actions are irreparable
A shaman and a fraudster...hmm...
Change your stereotypes and think about it. Instead of me being the top 10 percent who have a hard time, the 90 percent have a hard time. Hyejin Han has overcome all the hardships.
Jaedong... how are you?
It's me, but I made money in Korea, got married, and made money.
I know it's going well because it's on air now.
Are you about to become a captain?ㅜ
You can call it Cha Du-ri.. Sejji is...
Isn’t it so lovely and cute even when you look at it~ Hyunmu, my eyes pop! I'll just go
I really hate fat pigs. People of all ages and genders hate pigs.
I wish they would change the members after saying they are idiots. All 6 people are boring. If you have done enough, you can just leave. I think it is good to be shameless.
Rum Bogeum is lonely...
Jung Hae-in is Seon-eun now, right... Is he like Jin-unni?ㅠㅠ
Roh Moo-hyun. Kim Dae-jung and Se-ho are not allowed to eat noodles, and Seung-man, Park Chung-hee, and Chun Doo-hwan are allowed to swear. Haha, what are the standards???
I think Philip’s marriage is a crime~~What is Philip’s life like?~~~
Ellie has power
I lost interest in the show after Shin Jung-hwan appeared on it.
Let's say Sakura came in first place, but she's only about 30 votes behind Kwon Eunbi, who came in fourth place. Don't go crazy like Han even if you're conquering the Earth... It's a very fair vote, even if only Bong got crowded out.
Since no one is coming, only stagnant water comes... only feet... hammocks...
No matter what you fixed or did, it's really pretty. What should I say... a mysterious feeling?
Kim Hee-ae's acting is so bad
It's so strange haha
The bride looks very charming.
I feel like I gained weight because I'm pregnant, but it looks good~~
Brother Jin, the master of music, I hope that you will join lYG Haengning. Haengnim~
These days, where is the person who goes out of marriage school, doesn't make money, and doesn't have a child at home?
Catching up with Ahn Hee-jung?? If you lie just once, can you become like Ahn Hee-jung?
Is theater also acting, John? I feel like the acting is contrived. It's the same with musicals. Oba
Raise your child, it’s pathetic.
She also has a really beautiful faceㅠㅠ I'm really jealous of her smartness
Park Hye-mi also grew up wrong. She contacted her husband frequently to see if he had been drinking and called her instead, or terminated the relationship.
Be careful Jeonradion
who are you????
Touch it softly... In today's era, confronting someone publicly... It's not fun.
The child wants to sing a sad song ~ None
I'm sad...
All I can see is that they are flocking together to kill people. Even if I apologize, they are just insulting me.
Just say goodbye to the 30-year-old Zumma.
Who has heard of 10 ㅡㅡ
Ellie is truly beautiful. Kim Tae-hee’s level of beauty.
A string that strikes sternly
It's getting steamy again haha.
Kangta, GD, Woong Jaejoong, Top, BTS, Donghae, Special, Siwon, Aeman, handsome and good visuals
Get married, your relationship is over anyway.
I wonder if they canceled it because it was dangerous... Thank you for the comments~ Hyun♡ Won^^
Okay, so stay quiet...
I feel sorry for Kim Heung-guk. I'm really upset that something keeps happening. It feels like someone is doing it.
The second one is Dadungga Nip.
Kim Go-yeon is really cool.. ^^
In the old days, Daegu women supported their bodies with jongjangsal, so Park Chung-hee, a bastard, was born. Daegu people are descendants of jjangsal.
An unpopular girl's popularity is rising rapidly after acting on a TV show.
The fans say it's okay, but who are the fans that aren't okay? Are you excited?
Yoo Jae-seok was planning to abolish Professional Martial Arts and Running Man, but overturned the plan and put Jeon So-min in and revived him as a knight, but he put Hyun-kyung Uhm in and revived him as a knight, and abolished Eom Hyun-kyung is out again. The answer is abolition.
Judge Zora, please come to your senses. This is the 4th time you have been caught. Can you please tell me that it is the same woman?? Come to your senses with at least the minimum prison sentence...
Hahaha Hyun, you said you really don’t like sexy things? But what I always like is sexy clothes, facial expressions, and dancing!
By face, by song, by acting, by height
You make money every time you do an interview ~ Follow the example of Yang Hee-eun ~ It's hard to make a living, but making a lot of money on a broadcasting station that makes a lot of money makes half the people weak.
Even though it looks like Gigibe,
Han Go-eun, I didn't see you after the statue dream, but it's nice to meet you~~ Let's meet^^
I feel like Gwang-soo is just a plaything..
I completely dislike the opposing coach.
Trust me and go to heaven
The past is just the past.. The song is so good~ Cheer up!
Because he lives in material abundance... he rolls his eyes... and calls Mrs. Won a monster. Totally annoying
Jang Yoon-jeong says he has a lot of money, so he's watching the arrogant Jang Yoon-jeong on TV.
The woman’s family went away with her husband: They criticized her for bringing in a stranger. Going to a man's house with a woman: insulting someone for going to a stranger's house. He didn't say he was a sex offender haha. Park Yoo is a half god. Low intelligence level
It's not a show. If you were half human, you would be in prison.
Have a good night.. Just lose weight..
The same story every day, Runny Laugh On Mars has the highest viewer ratings ㅡㅡ Should we film a drama on a public broadcasting station? The license fee is not worth it ㅡㅡ
Are all young actors in Korea dead? Gong Hyo-jin's love story will be angry even after eating 60??
I'm remarried, but is this my first time having a child? LOL
Do you know that the foreigner died? He's just a guy who makes music.
Is the horn coming? Suddenly, the screen is set. Shameless leisure. I put Sangmin through a lot of trouble.
I don't know about acting, but the visuals really match well, they're pretty and cool. Sebin and Muyeon.
Phil unfavorable. Too much. I feel bad for Seo Soo-yeon.
With Buzzy's name lol, I was so scared that I called a friend who wanted to see me. The packaging was haha ​​ㄱ
Baek Jong-won cried and gave it to Saema Restaurant. Disappointing hygiene taste poor service. Don’t worry about it, tsk tsk
Honestly, Noh Hong-chul, Kim Gwang-gyu, and Rose Inn vocalist (I can't remember the name) Olga were much more fun.
The combination suits you
There is no leniency... Look at the compassionate head.,
Mr. Baek Jong-won, please stop broadcasting and go about your business. I want to attract attention to whether or not they monopolize Honda in the alley market by handing it over to franchisees.
It was really cute when it was crawling haha.
Kim Soon-ok, the master of extreme dramas regardless of genre, I respect you. I've seen this again and again. Manra is a trash writer. There's nothing to watch in Munnae. Let's run out, trash broadcasting company.
I heard you have Geum Dong-hyun, Lee, and Jin-woo??
As expected, the before and after decorations are very different... A real beauty shines even if she only wears jeans and a cheap cotton t-shirt.
Why are you going to end the broadcast after being 18? Just scold me, don't let the broadcast go, and you'll end up getting a face.
It seems like it's getting more fun
Han Hye-jin is ignorant and doesn't really get along with Hyun-moo.
One step.. stop the malicious comments.. are you hitting the bottom?
Did you get hurt when you lost after giving me nothing? It's true that Gu Jang-hwan was wrong, but... I can imagine that he spoke arrogantly in a blunt and small voice.
What kind of lascivious woman are you talking about? It's crazy haha ​​I don't even play with many men haha ​​pitiful Yeokji.
I'm the best mom~
Do it because it’s cheap.
Sunjae, please hang up.
As a public figure, Ran Seo pretends to be innocent, but says that the marriage will not come soon, so the ancestors shed tears of blood.
Originally from a wealthy family, if an actress had said that her spirit would stand out, she would have actually taken first place.
Marriage is an important thing that can be said to be a matter of morality... but there is no such thing as playing around with children...
If your thighs are stepped on, they turn into Gangnam bean powder.
I feel sorry for Kang Dan’s daughter. I sent her abroad. I can’t believe I’m losing love.
I won't tell you, but I don't want to see you suddenly acting like a fool.
If you ask for a job like a politician, you can easily become a broadcaster.
I got pregnant while preparing for the wedding... I feel bad seeing that they suddenly announced their marriage... but marriage and pregnancy deserve congratulations. If only I were more honest...
Hahaha, it's a precious thing hahahaha
Hong Jin-kyung ~~ A lump of pretense
cute couple
I'm really good at cooking haha
I know you ran only in front of the tough fans! Kang Daniel, don’t worry, stay right! I want to see the stage quickly, so show me the stage quickly and be cool like Kang Daniel!
Chaewon, please appear on Rainbow Love..
....Gi...... Well, it can't all be good... Sometimes I have a dark side!! I guess you wanted to leave something behind...
Is it just a matter of paying back the money? You haven't paid in 8 months, so please count at least 8.
I wish they would call me a lover while doing broadcasting activities.
The law banning minors under the age of 15 from approaching within 10 meters will be passed if they cry out loud.
These two are getting along well, but it's so crazy haha. It's really special.
Reminds me of Song Joong-gi~~
I can't read the times...
When a man sees a young woman, he wants to touch her and want to be with her. Anyway, this is the world.
Wow, only TMI, which is completely unrelated to the essence of the incident, is fast and YG class is unchanged.
Moon Jae-ang investigation
What kind of person is it who says sex is a crime, but then pretends that defaming someone's reputation through malicious comments isn't a crime? It's like a republic of Naeronambul.
Somehow, I paid off 20,000,000,000 of my debt, and ended up having 4 months...
Are you going to sub for Seo Hyun-jin?... Baek Jin-hee is coming as the main character haha.
Let’s not watch the performance ㅠ
Today Park Hyo-seop said Yoo was my daughter and Jung Eun-tae said Eun-soo would be my daughter lol. The owner of the drama is laughing lol.
The body was also sensational... Especially the milk factory was amazing... Even now, just imagining it... Ugh~~~ It's hot.
It was just a joke
I guess I'll come up with an article because it didn't work out.. If you're young and immature, you should all go for a run.
Gaining weight won't make your face look like this... Isn't it Botox??
It's embarrassing. Because of you, SES has failed and I feel sorry for your family.
Haha, TV Chosun angel haha, you can take 50%, but 25% is Hyeji.
Did you stop me from letting it go? I tried it and it sounds like Hannamchung..
If you don't want to see it, just don't watch it. It's not like you can't be immersed in it. If you don't like it that much, you're a writer.
Watch a drama as a drama. It's political, but there's no harm in it. If you don't want to watch it, don't watch it.
Public security in Korea is no longer stable due to the incident.
Rice Mulni Kiririkiri
I was so happy, but I always want it~ Cheer up!!!
It's okay if you don't see it, but you're a pig and a pig when you find it and try it haha.
I like Jang Yun-jeong~ I like her unique nasal voice. Keep up the fun~~
Dating for the 20th time? Radish is long.
It's all good, but don't go to a place like Namyang Dairy Products.
Don't live a life that only focuses on money like others~~ Happiness is based on money, so be thankful for the little things and may it always be full of good things~
I want to live hard and not be called a complete piece of trash after I turn 50.
Namgoong Min is impressed with Hyundai Pangal Gongmyeong.
redundancy!!! Honestly, it would be nice if it was Dawn’s real oppa, right?
The only way to act like a professional is if you go around like that, imitate the kid. Behave the same way.
Kim Seong-gu's wife eats a lot of stew. What happens if she's not dead?
I don’t like Ryu Jun-yeol
It's all good. Namyang Dairy Products Social Contribution Team ㅜㅜㅜㅜ. God's actions are really great. It's an extra lifesaver. I could have been raped and murdered...but Namyang Dairy Products ㅜㅜ
The late President Roh Moo-hyun, who committed bribery and murder, is clearly watching from Bongma Rock.
It doesn't look pretty...
It's so bad that you don't pay attention to your surroundings and just walk around pretending to be happy. It's so bad that you go abroad and look at furniture... it's impossible.
What was dug was dug. You also had plastic surgery. Let's not lie. To the public fool..—
This is all there is to it, but it's hard to turn out like this. Are you a lousy lover!!!!!
There are so many clothes in the world, but I don't know why I make a lot of noise by wearing these clothes.
Make-up facial Digessangnae
In my mind, I think I'm being like a pig and a pig as I watch the people forget about Burning Sun and Kim Hak and focus on Gi.
How can you get out of the way of a rice field that doesn't even respect the elderly? Is it only difficult for pregnant women? Feminism is really disgusting.
I hope Jo Min’s health recovers. I lost weight because of digging, so I'm not worried even though it has nothing to do with me.
What is Chu? Haha. Is it Pikachu?
Is Jikdo weak?
Haha, who swears? Has anyone ever lived without swearing in their entire life? Everything about it is uncomfortable~~~~
I got a big-faced beauty.
Do you like it when your lover gets a camera? LOL
Okay. .,.. Jiroㄹ Ji Geol Yeon Yan Kaship is written as Giㅉㅉㅉ
I don't know who it is ㅜ
I want to be punished by a mountain, I've never seen you once in my life. Don't worry about it.
Don’t be afraid to go on someone else’s trip. It’s a sin to go on a family trip. It’s really crazy Korea.
Don't use charcoal made in China... Instead of living clumsily and ruining your family's life, buy it domestically.
I didn't know. It's a pitiful human being. I think I'm sick, so I wear anklets and get treatment. I went to Wang Jin Jin for counseling. You're a bigger sin than Gya.
Yes, I don’t want to see you.
I thought I could fix the frill, but it was fine♡
As long as the left lover's government doesn't change, I can continue to see him.
Yangjun, it doesn't matter whether you're doing well or not... But you're the one who openly broadcasts plagiarized songs...
Shut up, Ryun. I think there was a lot
Are you reckless and reckless during a golf tournament?? Not in individual competitions, but in team competitions.
I hope Chungjae does better too.
Hongjin, why are you making such a crazy comment~!! I’m in a good mood and working hard, I just look cool~!! I think it’s hard work that pays off even though you’re so fat.
Who asked you to take it off? What do you say when you put it up for people to look at it? These days, you're a bitch spirit.
Anyone interested in this guy these days?
I didn't say we were dating, so congratulations
Did the couple also receive sponsorship? There was an article about an almost unknown stone singer getting married haha
Crush is cool....while singing
Was Kim Hak-rae a married man at the time? That's how I remember it, it's rum. OOO broadcast is coming and it's disgusting
Well, he's handsome, but is that a dangerous statement? If you look at a young girl and say she's pretty, you'll jump up and down.
Are you taking care of dead people... without any sense?
She’s prettier than the clumsy girl group.
Kim Chungjae!! What's coming?? Either get rid of the fact that they live alone or change the cast completely. There's nothing to worry about anymore.
At the age of 29, I was so upset that I had no choice but to get dragged away after struggling through every possible means to postpone my enlistment.
I saw a couple of people drinking at a bar in Yeonnam-dong a while ago, and there was an article about it.
Eunhyung said to Jang Seong-gyu haha.
I think your daughter will be very happy. Enjoy parking as a family.
I want One Table. Even if I get scolded and have a hard time, I am a person who receives good advice and tries to do it. It will work out well. Fighting!!
Is your body missing something?
Everything is a fire, only real prosecutor Orderman
Would you like to go to betting baduk, betting billiards, etc.? You write articles and leave observations.
It's also good to have group chat content turned into news. Like Seungri said, personal information was leaked.
Even if you look at it, they exploded to cover up Moon Jae-Ang. It's dirty. Moon Jae-Ang.
There is no harm in being a person who thinks things are fun.
I don't care if you tried to buy it or not
52 kg is good~~~
Maybe it's too much, but if we do our best, we'll win. Haha.
Don’t you have a baby? I'm selling it to an ignorant person. It's Kim Won-hee.
What's Shide's new sense lol? Ramen is freezing, but it's so strong that I was impressed when I saw her sing haha. I knew for the first time that Shide was Moon Dan-yeol's daughter. Harley is also shy, but she looks good.
And my bank account, I want my personal life to be normal... Have you ever thought about giving up a normal life the moment you decided to live as a lover and started being a trainee?
The 5th door that doesn't meet the main road, the door that you reveal because you don't want to see it
Is it really a relief for the Korean gold medalist to marry someone from the current state?
Unman and Tasha are dying. I'm so sad.
Honkamal 1st, 2nd, Coasted, 3rd, and 4th place did better.
Gippa’s food common = mom jjijji
Just a child. It's fun.
Did you marry your mother-in-law? My mother-in-law said radishes are strong. Don't serve radishes. My mother was 3 years old and deaf and blind. She said she doesn't even eat spinach.
There are a lot of pro-friends
Who is doing this? Go to the Han River in Myeon-myeon even now.
Fun ㅠㅠ
If the men and women were swapped, people would come rushing in, saying the masks would look like rice cakes hahahahahahahahahahahaha
The Shinhae Railway is important, but it is even more difficult because the doctor's office is suddenly gone.
The smoke was like water!!!! The voice was like honey!!!!
The debauchery group... doesn't even notice... Even if they don't want to break up, there's nothing they can do. I thought about disbanding, but I have no intention of breaking up.
If you look closely, he is handsome.
Even if you don’t like the movie, the AV is really good, isn’t it? As expected, an uncivilized Korean man
They look like the Hell Rat team. They get kicked by everyone, and they drink beer and drink tea on the 19th and 30th day, and wear a Hell Rat fan and a glossy jumper. LOL.
I don't like the cast haha ​​Gwang-gyu's brother's skills are boring, it's not funny, and again ㅠ Min-jeong doesn't like Byung-hun, and Andy, a foreign worker who didn't go to the military, is unlikable. The rest is okay haha, the material is boring.
The snow sieve is calibrated? lol
Kim Do-gyun also kept giving love to Jang-mi, and Oh-joo also gave love to Kyu-bin, but what are you saying to Hyun-woo and Hyun-ju?
Gian is the funniest
Well, he really looks like a man dressed as a woman ㅡㅡ Olga was really pretty in the first CF... she was prettier than a woman.
Is that why there are a lot of negative comments about Lang Clara???
Crazy...is this something a kid with a smooth face would say?
Soo Geun is a guy who takes care of New Journey to the West and pretends to be an alert person haha.
Even if you take care of yourself, you can't help but grow old. You can use your energy to look younger. Even when you're 60 or 70, do you still want to look like you're 20 or 30? You're living with a delusion.
Your robber gave it to me and ate it. What's the problem?
If you're a rapper, you just have to be good at rapping, and if you're a singer, you just have to be good at singing. Because I'm sick of politics with a head that doesn't work. That's not possible... Kim Jong-kook is now a senior singer. Despite the deathly pain, he triumphed and came back to life with a song.
I will definitely wait for Mudo. The day Jaeseok shouts out Infinite Challenge will come quickly~
Bruno, people from Jeolla-do are scammers, but I live a dirty life in Jeolla-do.
30 pages
Beastie Boss Jungwoo's girlfriend
Park Bo-gum church search^-^
Gangnam big girl, ruin it!
At the sushi restaurant, please charge 9,900 won for udon~~~~~♡
Even so, I will believe it.
If you were sexually assaulted, did you report it at the time and now you’re in an uproar? It’s really all kinds of different.
I tried to regret my mother's death, but it's no use. Please take care of her while she lives. I am the mother who gave birth to Miu Gou Yoon-jeong.
I've been keeping an eye on Yoon So-hee as a newcomer, but in my opinion, she's a more humble and pretty actress.. I can't help but like her better..
Humans have lost their lives and made money.
It makes no sense for two lovers to embrace each other, even though the other person is a treasured sword.
What do you know? You can’t do something like this?
What should I do? Jumma, my blood pressure is rising in the morning haha.
Are you saying that the comments are from other fans? Are you a fake fan? You gathered all the malicious commenters. If you report the malicious comments, you will hide like a rat.
My daughter-in-law pays off my debt and receives a reward from my father-in-law.
missing? I met 150,000 people? lol
Kang-ki and Gong Hyo-jin are good, but... Delicious Woman will gradually become overflowing with promotional guests for dramas... It's a disaster.
Who is Zec?
Meeting place for rapper and actor
Half of the comments are from jummas in their 30s... I guess they don't have much to do.
What should I do, buy a junk frame or whatever?
La... you're so arrogant... you're pitiful. Arrest him and sentence him to death.
It's because of Moon Jae-ang that La Collection is a mess, but it's the worst thing in the world.
This time, I was eligible for preferential treatment for seniors (weekend dramas, dramas, and the role of a great mother), so it seemed like I was eligible for it.
Just hold on~~ I think it’s embarrassing.. I’m worried that I’ll make an example of you..
Why don’t you go out with friends? You two look good together.
In conclusion, I ate a lot...
Jeongjun is as annoying as he wants to be
Hwang Minhyun is always happy! I like the sweet Hwang Minhyun radish
I miss the two generations. I hope the second generation comes quickly~~~~~
It's low level shit.
And her smile is so cute and humorous~ I watched Sohyun's boxing show with her father, and I thought she was bright and healthy because she received a lot of love!^0^ I guess she got it too, right? I love you so much, In Gyo-jin, haha
It was a program that was fun for 100,000 people, but should it be abolished?
It would be nice if you bought me something to eat. I love you, my nephew.
Is this a true story that exudes beauty while being black and white?
Leftist certification.
Struggling to be criticizedㅡㅡYou are a victim of broadcasting...ㅉㅉWill a run-style broadcasting-style middle and high school help you??ㅋㅋㅋ If you want to make it to 0.3%, you will know like thatㅋㅋㅋ
Don't make excuses and take care of your own expulsion. I know it's a pot praise or something. The singing voice is so long it's annoying.
Even if chanting is legal, doesn't the other guy go on a trip to Thailand? That's amazing.. The use of rape and sexual violence is just quiet and strict with people like you...
Shani ㅜㅜㅜㅠ
Manipulated restaurants... I think it's right to abolish them.
It's like watching a Disney cartoon...
It’s fun, it’s fun!!!
I understand the investigation. I know I'm being kicked out, but what about expulsion? Isn't that dramatic? center. Don’t you know that you are ruining one person’s life? It is not too late even after the investigation.
Seongsu: I'm sure 100,000 people across the country have seen it, but it doesn't seem like it's an article that will make it to the main news.
You bastard, you're so good.
Nuclear explosion launched by ㅅㄹ
I'm swearing because I'm jealous ㅠㅠ I'm upset because she's crying. I thought Han Hye-jin was pretty, but I never thought she'd think that way herself ㅜㅜ!
I think I have it other than the 33-year-old down this year?? Are your eyes blurry?? Could you please introduce me to an ophthalmologist?
Don't deal with Runae. This guy is actually on the search list... He's a pretentious drug criminal who just plays music.
The only thing I'm curious about is the trash, but they're trying to cover it all up.
I came here surprised because I thought it was Zwon Minjoo, but it was just a girl who didn't listen ㅡㅡ
I'll just have to wait and see. It's cool
The hidden singer is over... The singer's level has dropped significantly compared to before.
It's annoying that the producer is stealing YouTube content. It's not illegal, but they lied and promoted it to make people suck, and they didn't promote it when they actually stopped going..
Congratulations haha
Let's get married~~~♡♡♡ In a world where there are a lot of people who are good on the outside (foreign + money), Se has a good heart and an eye for choosing people based on their personality. I'm so cool and jealous.
Isn’t it okay to do activities on paper? I want to pay for my sins and be able to continue my activities in the future. Don't blame me.
Does that mean he's a manly man? If he's jealous of a friend who's doing well, he's going to make a living. Haha, he's trying to attract people because he likes them.
I'm sure it's true, it's getting crazier every day.
The original price is young and good.
I thought it was irritating actress Kim Sarang
Yeoju and Namjoo are hateful and miraculous bells
I really don't want to see this
Jumma, who normally had no interest in modern art, saw the Bangtan stage and said that she was well-versed in alcohol and literature. It was like a cat and funny haha.
YG This year's Con Big Bang above Blackpink is a big hit so I didn't know the day Blackpink's billboard came out.. but goodbye~~~
On the other hand, if you two are talking about your ex-wife, you will be criticized for being in a relationship. You will be criticized for being in a relationship. Well, if you raise family issues, you will be criticized. Please take care of your family.
Who knows...I thought it was singer Jihoon
Don't pretend that I'm Jihyo's boyfriend.
Lee is ugly.
I'm looking forward to it. I hope I can see some cool things.
Don't just play around. If you're going to act, practice. It's nuclear acting haha.
Kim Jong-min is always so cool....
Guk-ju, , Kim Sook, Song Eun, Park Rae, Shin Bong-seon, Kim Hee... who is there?
Madat was taken by Moon Jae-in? OOO
I feel sorry for you. I hope you grow up strong...
Produce 1, there is no main character, there is only 1 main character from WoWon. There is no black person who believes in Run bullshit, right??
I'm not even curious, but it suddenly pops up
Look at the percentage of comments from people in their 40s....
Heat me up haha. Today's heart
Would you please take a look?
Moon Hee, the God of Acting, wins by a landslide
He may or may not end up dating a young man or woman after hearing rumors of a romantic relationship with Park Seo-joon, but I can't help but feel sorry for him~~
I'm not curious about the American people who live there.
It's like watching a play! Even if you hold your breath. .. It's a big deal.
I'm so sorry... May the deceased rest in peace. I hope you and your father take good care of yourself...
It's irresponsible. Either die after the play or the hotel is guilty.
Congratulations to Gong Hyo-jin for the grand prize~~♡♡
Just do what you can.. You are talented and you can even use a restaurant with nose marketing.
Congratulations to Guillaume Petrie, a protoss legend.
The lawyer is a wonderful person.. He has a knack for being a fan, but it seems like there is no one like him these days..
Yoon Mirae's talent is incredible.
I worry about seeing my child.
If the female ratio is high, there are a lot of malicious comments.
I wish Big Bang hadn't disbanded. I like your music. Just let me listen to your music.
This is an urgent matter, but what is President Giga? You're at the same level as Burning Sun Kim. Police chief!
That's why people criticize Park Han-byeol in the middle of nowhere haha.
But does losing have such a big impact? It's not like you're overpaying.
He looks like Alberto, handsome, cool, talented, personable, and smart^^
The rotten smell of squid, where the pot is a weapon, is like a lump of bacteria in kimchi.
If it's Roh Moo-hyun's silhouette, what should I do?
I thought Si was an American TV actor, are you kidding me?
Even before getting married, I haven't done much work since I'm thirsty for acting.
It's all nonsense and I only have B-grade lovers. I'm afraid I'll fail if I can't go.
If you live well, you will get good results.
As expected, the baby is really cute, just like his mom. I hope he lives happily and I hope to see him again in the future! It's really amazing that they are just like mom and dad.
It's all soggy and oily. Thank you like North Korea. Let's pickle the flat porridge and eat it.
Yeo Song Hye Kyo and Hyun Bin hahahaha I hope they meet again hahaha
They're dating ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ They look good together, but I'm jealous.
It's not like I'm defending you, but after reading the full story, it seems like being beaten is not normal.
The most vulgar child saves the world
Rather than going to New York University and being looked down on by the American aristocrat, Baekma, it seems like it would be a wiser choice to study Korean at Yonsei University with ease. It seems like his popularity has exploded somewhere in Seoul and he's even been invited to appear on TV. If you hit the drip well, you can succeed.
I thought she was a real sushi girl when I first saw her on Mikko Indae, but I got tired of her acting.
Park Rae, goodbye these days. I don’t think I’m paying attention to my humble past.
I'm not interested in people who believe in the Salvation Sect. I was a Eugene fan, but I was disappointed.
Did you sing Jaekyun’s karaoke assistant or not?
A big heirloom... I'm jealous of Sooyeon...
Haha, it's hard to watch. You said you stopped broadcasting, so why are you eating while looking at your face? Haha
Is it really because he was embarrassed by his acting? Hahahahahahahahahaha
My three daughters are pretty and strong. It reminds me of the three customs I used to go to and it makes me smile hahaha
Even Jiga Yoo Jae-seok can do it.
W, I’m cursing right now haha.
Sat...
Oh, wow, the kangaroo tribe is so spine-chilling
“You don’t mind your mother, right? ........ ??” “Do you think I’m funny?”””
A fat and ugly man is a man. A man is a true man who always maintains and takes care of his beauty.
The existence of just disappears? I had no attachment to Sik... but it's bittersweet.
You floated in infinite space...
Choi has many psychos and reveals sex zones
It was unlucky to have Wonder Girls and they were disliked..
Promise to convert to Christianity and get married?
first. Go Hyun-jung was born with something she didn't have, even her voice and facial expression. He looked like someone who had taken medicine...
No no japan!!! Not required
I hate Son Tae. Kwon Sang-woo is so disgusting. Son Tae is so hateful.. I wonder if he is posting it even though it is a prize.. He is posting volunteer work.. Donation.. It is hard to live, but the hate is even more annoying.
Really!! Login made it! The whole country was deceived by Run! I really want to be ripped to death! Please summon Kang and punish him for fraud, have him return the donations, have his nationality revoked, and have him banned from entering the country! He’s such a piece of shit.
eat and run
It's far away? It's boring.
There's nothing wrong with you, but I feel like it's hard to watch Mr. Mukbang anymore. It's very inconvenient. Please kick it.
Awesome, are you coming next day?!!
Oh, I didn't see it, so I'll watch it again. I haven't had anything to watch lately~~
Jeon-ho is a lot of people. Hahaha. He asked Mi-seong for his number and put up a shield as a prank, right? Hahaha, the overly immersive craftsman, Jonmul, is really hahahaha.
After all, there is no way Jang Moonbok will fall off.
Meni, make sure you only live in public.
You must have been the one who wore it like the picture above at Yoon Eun-hye's church wedding hall... If you were thinking about it, you wouldn't have done it... Please say it was you...ㅠ
Jeongjun is also being threatened...
A life of being unloved... It's pitiful...
Tak Jae-hoon is really funny, but he made a mistake when he gambled ㅜㅜ I really want to learn his best run comments.
You know whether you wear no bra or not. Buy as much as you want without worrying about feminism. Martial arts doesn't complain
Jumma dances. I also met Hye-ri Tonyan, and I wonder if she would be the same age as her. But there was also Mr. Toh???
...Mr. La's current situation...is this a ranking manipulation?
Jung Hae-in is also great.
I'm a lover...just a dog
I think the duet show is for the Kewill team. It was really easy.
But what kind of person is Shin So-yul???
Yoo Jae-seok's fans are making an uproar, you have no objectivity, Yoo Jae-suk is the one who wants Mas unconditionally.
I'm not interested in my mom's popularity...
Sohyun is so good^^ It would have been nice if In Gyo-jin had done it too~~~~
Do you see Park Hyung-sik in my face?
What is Berto?
I gave up while playing golf due to the schedule and left during the broadcast because I felt dizzy.
I think it will be used a lot as a gaff! I applaud you for the enthusiasm and passion you showed~~^^ Lee Kim is an actor you can trust~~~^^ Fighting
Don't worry, I'll tear your hair apart ㅡㅡ
My mom is missing. Are you sleeping? I'm not staying home, I'm not talking to my daughter, and I'm not doing anything. I'm not even talking to my daughter. I'm calling my car teacher. Let's stop trying to force things together. Today's thing was no good.
These days, I don't know if I was born mean... or because I don't have enough time in my life... but there are a lot of people with really bad hearts. Just looking at the number of comments and bad comment recommendations...there is no answer.
I opened the bonnet, lowered my back, and the engine compartment was so strong that I wanted to undo the belt from behind, and the fan belt.
There was a drinking scandal at the Cyan Cup hahahahahaha I can't think of anything else.
There's no need to embarrass me... Think about your life before you find fault with it...
Abolish alley restaurants
If you keep watching, it will be okay.
My young husband, ‘Ni’, ‘Ni’ ㅠ ~ Mr. Chuhyeon.. I wake up alone..
I can't get over it in the end. Hiding and ignoring it isn't the best solution. If you can't speak, you'll try harder haha. The intention of appearing on TV for the first time was to promote the store haha. A timid and servile person has courage.
Also, bugs appear,,,What is the point of cracking down on beoseon bugs,,,Comment window is a mess,,,
If Kyungjun hugs you, beat him up.
I remember it being smaller than 182, but why are you kidding me??
They said they weren't broadcasting, but Sechskies were standing there like old school performers... They seem to be having fun these days~~~
Under You
I live alone, please give it back ㅠㅠ
It would be fun if Sangmin and Shin Jeonghwan come here.
Choi Myeong-gil dragged Kim So-yeon as the girl, and I thought it was Kim Hae-sook's supporting role, but the acting potential exploded with a dark setting. Haha, Kim So-yeon on Wired was crying and crying ㅠ This time, Kim Hae-sook was the grand prize winner.
I gave my body~ I gave my heart~ I gave my love~ A woman who was abandoned, a happy woman with a lot of debt~~
Jeongjun seemed to have a strong feeling that he was good to me because he was nice to me. What about oppa? It's like...you look impatient...you're wearing a dress...
It's just an instigation to get attention. It's stupid to shout.
It feels so cute, pretty and sweet.
Tank King Eom Bok-dong!!!
They say there is an order of birth, but there is no order of falling asleep...
My husband never received love as a woman his whole life and only turned to the outside world. His tears were for the cameras. Of course, if he were a woman, he wouldn't cry.
They say the bulging eyes were cured due to hyperthyroidism. I would have had a sick face and swollen face, but it must have all gone away.... Is there even plastic surgery to close the eyes??
Even now, it’s enough to melt men’s hearts.
In general, Run Star looks cheap... It seems to suit the intelligent Star of Scar Castle's Run... It's a bar.
i envy you. I also live at home with Soganji... Siff.
Cheer up, be strong, walk only on the flower path, Junhee. Your mom is always watching, so cheer up!
I heard Cube has a lot of in-house relationships?
Cheer up, Imbley, who is a useless human being whose words are rotten.
Daegil with the concept of silver anchovies
It won't be fun~~
A program where you can watch domestic sports!!
It doesn't look good on the top. You took the express train. The Songjjiljil express train is not running. Get rid of it~~haha.
I'm not interested in martial arts, but you're wearing a mask because you're a mystical singer? LOL
He's ugly!
Born in the world as a body...............................
The success of the drama was due to dating rumors, but this was done to cover up the death of Rep. Roh Hoe-chan!
Soooo new ooo kid is 19 years old? No kidding. Don't play with your food.
Jongseok is the only one who is cool and I can't see it. He looks like a jumma.
Anyone who instigates plagiarism is defaming the reputation. This is proof that he did not plagiarize each and every song and lyrics of Seo Taiji's 9 albums. Just passing it around as if it is the truth is trampling on the blood, sweat and tears of the musician.
Is the year wrong? Is it normal for you to go to someone else's house for a night of drinking? Let's reveal this to Yeondu so that we can never date or get married for the rest of our lives!
Just use it all up and die, respect is useless.
If you're sorry, die
It just looks like pretense and there is no sincerity.
Whether it's sincere or not, if a girl I'm not interested in talks about, I change the channel.
Dotaenyeo is having a group menstruation session now☆
I thought Star Lass wasn't coming. In a pre-interview, an insignificant comment was exaggerated to start a fight and the MC mentioned it. And if there's a controversy, it's just exported without any editing.
Actor Ji has come to Korea far away.
Whenever a pretty lover comes, there's always this comment... Doubt it's science
Chungcheongbuk-do, Chungnam-do, Chungcheong-do Animal Kingdom
The world recognizes Bong Joon-ho, Song Kang-ho, Kim Yeon, and BTS. You are the so-called leftist. Please realize that you are falling behind the standards of God's world of thought.
Song Joong-ki’s face became gaunt.
Just open your mouth, are you a female soldier?
W Totally. I'm having a hard time because I bet wrong.
Baby Jang Shiki
Maybe it's because of Han Ji-min's voice, but it doesn't sound feminine...it doesn't suit romance...ㅠ
Trot, let’s sing Ga-in~~♡♡
Don’t just give respect in words, put it into practice Jaedong Myungsoo
Be sure to get confirmation... You can't ignore the possibility that an outside customer visited.
Look at Jumma going crazy haha. Did you harm someone at all? Don't be nervous about other people's life stories and sleep well^^
Post a small picture... It's good to get criticized... If you become a mother, be serious... Are you bored all the time???
I called Jung Hae-in's agency, but they said they never asked to publish the article. They just brought it up, but they didn't call and tell them to take down the article. Since he's popular, there are a lot of antis.
I won't say anything. It looks dirty coming to Super Bikku Show Me.
RG: If you have a lot of leisure time, your marriage rate is high?
Two doors came
Run? Is this going to make you this angry? Hee, malicious commenters are always angry, so they are good prey, and I find it annoying that Baek Jong-won keeps getting angry at them. I thought they were going with a run concept and laying down the script.
There was a report saying that he was a trainee who was caught with Top Rang, but they didn't catch him?
There are a lot of doors
Oh Chang-seok and Chae-eun move according to the scripted script^^
Are you saying this in the comments section?? Are you doing this because you’re jealous? If we were to date, Han Hyo-joo would be 10 times worse.
If Niji Seol Jin-woo is doing well, Taerang will be strong as a friend... There will be no need for an actor named Yoon Park... Therefore, Seol Jin-woo can't be good.
I thought you were a good actor, but you're amazing!
It's a wonder he's still alive ㄷㄷ Simon D is almost 40 years old, but he went missing when he was young ㄷ
I like Boom... There are many people who gamble, including Tony, Shin Hye-sung, Andy, and Soo-geun, but it seems that the popular Boom is the only one that doesn't forgive...
Come in front of Hyeonmu and say goodbye.
I heard you got the flu.. I made a big deal out of it.
But the comment was cute, wasn’t it? Rather than a happy fight
Nam Hon Rafjojo
I felt like the eldest sister spoke in an obnoxious tone. They said she was a psychiatrist, but her tone was disgusting.
Yeoju is really ugly. Seo Kang-joon seems happy to be volunteering.
The cloudiness was annoying, but anyway, good acting. I know Yonggong Hyojin is also a best friend, so the filming atmosphere must be good.
Yoon Gaseung, D cup will be fine.
Look at the comments of the guy who can't get married haha
Better than Oji. Haha. The money is better.
Dee is also in the business.
I just uploaded an article in an attempt to convert the unknown.
The scene in the rain is so shameless it’s not funny lol
Is it still a concert if the singer is missing? Taeyeon is missing from Soci and the concert is a mess. Refund the sold tickets and cancel the ticket. Fan treatment
Are there any fans?????? Unheard of
I really hate this star after seeing his life
Are you scared?
These days, there are so many useless shows. When you change the channel, it seems like there is competition on the channel, and terrestrial general broadcasters, wake up, fuck.
I came here after seeing the photo in Kim Go-eun's article.. . Beautiful ^^
I'm on the side of Jeong Eun-tae... Hwang Dong-joo is an annoying character. lame
Is it okay for me to appear on a TV show and say something like that? Is Kim Hak-rae married and without a family? 글고 무도 르는 도 남 쓰레기라 말할 격있? Just as Mr. Kim Hak-rae would also like to admit that he was wrong, it is clear that there were circumstances where he made a mistake.
I don't know what's going on, but I watched it without skipping a single episode and it was so annoying. I hope you don't come. Is there anyone who can help PD Yang? Choi. Just because you said you're coming, you're not going to see it, so just fuck off.
Thank you for taking care of it haha
If you look at the reviews posted, they say they don't cook and only look at the service and the counter.
I’m pretty, really.
In fact, your lover is all you, but you never apologize for being flirtatious? It’s faster!
The male lead and female lead.. are so upset..
It's okay if it's an accident. Player life. end
I guess I'll go...
Dog and pig Minguk, I’m going haha.
Don't come to the broadcast if you're a sex offender. Especially don't come to the program that comes on. Are you going to teach about sexual assault?
Jeong Doo-hong is famous for his personality.
I don't like it, but I hope you take good care of yourself because you're going to get sick.
The root of all evil is femininity.. There would be a lot of people who lived happily even if feminism was the only thing they covered. I want it.
Changed from 19 to 15 and got on Mantree...
I’m looking forward to the end of Beautiful. I want to see you soon.
He's better than Jung Hae-in
It's a repetition of controversy and explanation...
Malicious commenter. ugly. Don't think about pouring cold water on other people's efforts. Take care of yourself.
What is it? So Yoo-jin is like a high school student. She gets sweeter as she goes on.
I heard you are dating Byeolrang Han Su-min... Yoo Yoo Sang-jong
What? A couple is not good
Seohyun Kim's melodramatic acting is getting worse, but it's only a matter of time
I can’t sleep ㅜㅜ I’m ruined going to work tomorrow.
Know the news from Taiwan
It seems that Hye-kyo is not satisfied with Hannam.. It seems like Hye-kyo should be in a relationship every time she works.. What a difference in personality she has with Joong-ki...
It's fun and immersive. There are a lot of people who are sarcastic. It's fun as a drama.
I believe and see.
Oh Chang-seok couple is fun^^♡
They give me a lot of money for appearances, so I run a lot. A dog can't stop pooping...
You can’t get over Yoon’s Restaurant! Oh well, Taeho smells like shit...
I also hate Moon Jae-in
Payment. For those of you who don't know, you've been through a lot, so why not have fun? It's a show I didn't watch anyway.
Military preferential treatment for lovers is still the same. Are you staying out to celebrate illness?
Good luck, eat and run
omg! What is the comment? Park Seong-gwang's personality is evident just by looking at him, but don't you see him pretending that it's a TV show?
more and more
I was born in an accident and both of them are ugly.
Melon Chart is smiling. May the deceased rest in peace.
Married woman Oh Jeong-yeon and Kangta are not compatible. Oh Jeong-yeon, I saw something high...
I would say who the actor is more than my husband.. haha
It's so funny because I don't have a draft lol.
Han Hyo-joo's personality is good, but she's a bit rude. They both go well together.
The three Missys were like the Three Musketeers‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
She's like a bar girl who asks a lot of questions. If the two of you were truly tall, I would host you. Her face is said to resemble Matsu Tojun and Hwang Chan-sung.
Damn... ㅠㅠ
I want to marry a woman. I want to feel a sense of conquest by tormenting her all the time.
You're so bad. I'm trying to save Sulli from death.
The others don't seem to have any skills, but Yulhee is a jumma over 30.
Well, if the plastic surgery is good, 2 carats, 3 carats, 4 carats... all of them are useless.
I'm crying left and right. I'm tired.
Gyeong-hoon is also very enthusiastic, good at cooking, and prosperous. Run, honey.
I'm crying on the way
I want to sue Jungkook. Don’t you think I really want to beat up John? Do you think you can do whatever you want with the soup? The guy who always wears a mask to the airport doesn't even wear a mask when he hangs out, which makes me really sad Jungkook
I'm a fan! Congratulations! What a wonderful wedding~^^
You've got your face all messed up, your vocalizations and pronunciation are all slurred, and your eyes are so glaring that I absolutely hate it.
Who are you both?
I heard it was a mess too.
Shin Seong-rok's acting seems to be good. Watching Shin Seong-rok's character makes me dislike him as an actor. He seems to be good at acting, but the drama is so boring that I can't watch it after watching the first episode. Even though Shin Seong-rok's personality is dirty, he must be acting well, right? Amazing clap clap clap clap
Wow young guy
Why should Jin, a good man, be humiliated by saying that he is a luxury class? I made a mistake.
Jongjin caught the concept..
Show Me Rerun is more fun
Yeonhee is pretty so I made her a hungry person~ It’s not just that Yeonhee is pretty. You're so pretty that you don't care if it gets broken, right? Haha
Oakmelgal kimchi, Hannam blood flowing, I dare you to let me go.. I dare you to let go of your ground noodles haha. Where dare you let me go?
The riverside is much tougher than I thought!
