
Have a wandering marriage
Haha, those of you who say you hoarded comments, don't make claims without proof, you're just being sad... haha.
I really hate Kim Hye-mu. When I die, my dreams come too.
It's amazing. Just like my momㅜㅜ she's better than the others
Kimchi girls get golden brown and tremble when they see a tall man???
Wow.. If Hwasa dances, people will call her a girl crush.. but these girls are neutral..
When I see a girl like Gangnam, I feel disappointed as she is not a good person...
... I'm disappointed with the confusion... Im Soo-hyang's nuclear fun ㅠㅠㅠ I'll air Park Rae's episode longer.
There are a lot of unemployed people? Support for malicious commenters.. Tasteless trash.
Is this a good time for this stage lol?
What kind of article is this about getting married? Wow~~~
..Sora's face seemed to have been pulled up well, but he couldn't do anything about his eyelids and just sat there. I'm laughing.
Looks like I'm going to change my mind. Everyone is boring and old.
It's been a while... acting is...
Song Ji-hyo, Kim Jong-guk, and Yang Se-chil seem to be seriously trying to kick him... It's all fun, but people who bring down the mood are worried.
Jeon Hyun-moo made a life choice. Like Sora who broke up with Shin Dong-yeop, Jeon Hyun-moo will only have a good professional life in the future, and Han Hye-jin will be like Sora. A woman with a broken heart is destined to meet a young man and grow old coldly.
As expected, I'm glad hahaha There's a use for the leftover trashy girls, but there's no use for the ugly girls hahaha
I'm so happy that I can't watch the ranking news of dramas that suck at hoarse 40-something zoomies. I'm a man in my 40s, so I'm not immersed in it at all haha.
Suddenly, I remember Show Me Lear, not soon. ㄷㄷㄷ I hit the mark ㅇㄷPark
Shut your mouth.. Right now, the black bean noodle restaurant and Baek Dabang are all lined up in the alley market... Shut up... They have a lot of money and are greedy for it.
Don't look at the TV at Young's house. It's disgusting to watch. It's creepy. It's disgusting to watch.
I heard Boram is pretty...
The kid who loses becomes a star and makes a lot of money, but his life is going nowhere, so he just keeps trying, and he's doing everything he wants.
What are you doing, you bastards lol?
It would be nice if it was the U.S. Water Ghost Operation Hwi Seong Vent...
Haha everyone knows.. what about the love line??? Kim Jong-kook Jeon So-min ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ If Kwang-soo breaks up, I'll create a love line again ㅋㅋㅋ I live alone, like Jeon Hyun-moo and Han Hye-jin ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I'll turn again
It seems that the first flower snake has the ability! Jo Jae-hyeon and Lee Dandango, I will change my mistakes before I get the chance and live my life again. It seems like there is a lot of parting. It may be true, but if it is a flower snake, it is really avoiding damage.
Is it a crab intersection? Tsk tsk tsk.
Do you want to listen to me? Climb to the top
Since it's the wife of the family, she must have signed the contract and paid the loan for 500 won.. If she gets married, all she has to do is find her parents, so she's wealthy.
It's getting cheaper...
I was curious so I looked at Instagram and they were uploading videos and just looking cute lol.
Hyori Sidabari-U,..,Yu Sidabari-Yooin haha
The more I look at Shin Da-eun, the more attractive she becomes.
It's a scam and you get all the criticism for sexual harassment and the only thing left is your ability to cheat. Suzy, cheer up.
Are you infertile? Are you the one who won't give birth? Don't you have any plans for a second generation?
The daughter-in-law, husband, and in-laws are all the same. From the beginning to the end, I didn't like it. I couldn't believe it.. The host is Lee Da-ji.
What a time like this. Is this the only way you can write a drama?
go away
Langsal nu.......♥
I'm not guilty, so just let me live well.
They say I looked really good and pretty before plastic surgery.
You should hurry up and enlist, dude.
Norazo Fighting
Strong Light Life Sihu, Me Too Confess, Confessed Self, Jeon Anklet Wearers
Just find a place that’s a mess and recruit them.
It's good to make money abroad. Dogs and pigs only act like they are idiots while considering my private life.
News of civilian deaths also appeared in the article;;
Yoon = Grandmother Gyeongdang
It's a pity ㅡ.ㅡ I just revealed my color... I was taken careless~ It's natural to reveal it to others haha
Don’t mess with Bangtan’s memories!!
Song Joong-ki, really.... is inconsiderate.
Jo Jung looks good in a dress that flares out slightly under her white hair.
The Tizens went on a witch hunt and killed one person... poor Mingi hyung.
ㅋㅋㅋ Chu ㅋㅋㅋ I saw it with a salty lol
What is the drama?? Haha I don't want to know
It smells so hot..ㄷㄷ
axis
Personally, I think it would go well with YG.
He grew up really well.
Haha, I'm going to lose 14 keys.. Don't you add 0 and lose 140 keys?? Normally, it's hard to get pregnant...even if you get pregnant...I don't know because I don't have a car...but I gave birth lol Anyway, I hope you're happy~~~
There are a lot of people in the world... I feel sorry for you.
It's really good, but even if you don't get married, it's okay if you live together in love.
Wife, take good care of yourself.
My daughter is going to cry real tears. Yoo Dong-geun's acting is amazing. It's salty and I feel like I don't know if my daughter will cry. Anyway, it's salty.
As expected, my feelings about receiving the award are different. Oh, with the person who ruined the mood and made a mess by making a candidate a bridesmaid. The target is also on a different level
Please act...tsk tsk
It's a young letter, but I want a discerning male actor who chooses the work ^^ ♡
Is this Bae Yeon-jeong’s daughter?
It seems like I've gone through all the hard work, but I've earned that much. In a two-shot, Gangnam looks like he has short hair, and Sanghwa looks like a guy with long hair.
Doing well in four times
6 people have been together for 20 years hahahaha Kang Pil-ju has been waiting for me for 20 years..
32% of people in their 40s are stoners...tsk tsk tsk
I had a lot of fun watching it. I can't believe it's already over.. I happened to watch the first episode and started watching it haha.
My body didn't follow suit. It must have been a lot of pain. Just to be honest...
Everyone is different haha. The eldest one looks like he wants to study, the second one looks cute, and the last one looks like he can play well.
Take care and take care. I’ll be waiting for you.
A drama without context. That’s why I like it hahaha
Don't get the spoon!
There are no characters
I don’t think it would be fun for the cicadas ㅇㅇㅋ
Hyo's face has a dry nose. It was really a normal nose
innocence?! Just fix the face and make the body look artificial! lol
Even if your teeth are gray, if you cheated on the team, just shut up and live. Are you going to ask me if I cheated on you? Inseongjin is not good, so what if you like him?
What kind of exposure accident are you talking about?
The males in the Korean military are given free rides and do 100 percent for broadcast filming.
Positive mindset... I'm so envious
Walk hard hahaha
If you don't wear it, you're dressing as a man, right?
Tae, Kang Seong-hoon, how much did you give to Sechskies? Are you criticizing me? Is it mental?
It smells far away??Rain??
I was horrified to see Gong Yoo rushing and holding my hand. If you're being threatened, please wave a carrot at me.
It's like a world of brain-eating varus roaming around Korea, full of humans who are the main host.
I'm going to blow others away
Deokseon’s mom, did you film any movies when you were younger? I want to see you,,,,
I really don't know who it is, but I don't always know...
It's really unfair to see that the rape mother didn't live.
It's an article...what does it matter if someone else wears it or not...Did you ask for an article about Ms. Shirley?? Moon... You need to be careful about what you wear undergarments. ...
Hmm... I see typical symptoms of depression. Would you like to receive psychological treatment?
People!!! Check out Gura’s ex-boyfriend Choi Jong-beom’s Instagram. He has a handsome face.
Your past is also cool~ If you say you love me, you will be a better husband, and what is the importance of your past?? Currently, I owe tens of billions of won.,.! A really narrow-minded husband, a Hannam class whose past is being glorified.
I thought Konmyeon Rae was going to meet someone in a hurry haha. He was making love haha.
I will always only want Kang Seong-hoon
Currently, there are 1,000 people in Korea who have succeeded by working hard enough. However, the reality is that most people, wealthy and prestigious, live in vain as they are criticized and hated by the government... Baek Jong-won also lives with a lot of threats and criticism. ㅠㅠ
Aren’t you tired of Mandera haters? I'm sick of it.
They're both famous for their acting skills, but what's next...Park Bo-gum, the dwarf bullfrog, and Song Hee-kyo's love line? Are you in a maternal relationship?
Let's pick everything - honestly, it seems like something I can say about my daughter. Let's bless her for a healthy birth.
What a whale... It was rough, but it wasn't bad!
Haha, this drama is so boring. What is the quality of Biddle? Haha I will never watch it again.
You're calling me a cunning bastard
One of the most interesting social articles I've seen recently. Sexual comment rate is high
Everyone, please never watch this.. It’s a third-rate movie that’s extremely uninteresting!!!
It seems like a lot of effort is being put in these days..
Baek Jong-won's baby filter photos are so cute. Please upload a lot of them. They're so funny~~~
I will always apologize to the actor!!
Always embrace the neck medal to live as an apology to the bereaved family ✔
180 Hobbits. Men shouldn't get married. If you don't have money, you shouldn't date. What's the fault of your descendants who will suffer because they inherited the Hobbit inheritance?
Page 38 is at the level of rotten meat.. Even if you put on a lot of makeup on the outside, you still look good.
mom daughter husband
If it's really true that you have a child in the house, there's nothing to take pictures of. I hope the only children don’t come. Nothing to see
It is written as Kim Jeong-hoon and reads as trash.
If it's someone worth hearing and knowing about, why not report the death? In the era of information overload...
It doesn't matter if it's sour or not, people will lose anyway if they eat 80-90.
If it's my job, I'll take responsibility for making it completely trash. The person who read it feels dirty.
It seems like a small bit of reality.. trembling.. reunion? With your ex-husband who massaged your body and mind during your marriage? creeps...
You seem to be in a state of despair for some reason~!
Kiseo and thump, Giseo and thump.....
It's a happy barre house that makes people smile and feel good just by looking at them~~ It's always nice to look at and it's as pretty as a song that says people are more beautiful than flowers♡♡♡ Eunjok parting~~
Make it lol.
A bitch getting married? Haha it's a disaster Moon Jae-ang
I want to touch you on Instagram
Only Suzy is bothering me ㅜ Suzy, there are a lot of other men who love and hug me.
Hidden camera bug, D.T. violent criminal Choi Jong-beom, the Hannam who used the shield and neutral gear are now pretending to be friends. DET violence, illegal filming, hidden camera blackmailer, drunk driving, the ultimate sex offender is acquitted, Hannam Min-guk, Hae-min-guk.
Edm genius Park Myeong.soo
It's been a while since I broke up with Han Hye-jin, and I'm in a new relationship~~ㅋㅋㅋ
It's fun ^^ Episode 1 came on Raj was great... I'm enjoying the special story. Song Joong-ki and Kim Ji-won's acting are also good and I'm looking forward to the future.
The face looks really attractive
I don't want to see my face because I'm at a high level because I'm taking care of my body.
All BTS members get headshots
A few years after becoming Miko, I saw her at a department store and I remember she was about 163 cm tall. I'm not tall enough to be Miko Jin, but she's pretty.
Intermediate Instagram is fired lover
I think Son Seungyeon's skills are on the same level as Sohyang's.
Did you take your mom’s last name? What are you doing with your lot?
I can’t see Jiyoung Kim, born in 1982 lol.
I know how you feel. I euthanized the rat I had for 11 years and raised him. I had a hard time due to depression after sending him away, but we became friends and have been raising the rat for 4 years.
I can't eat it so I'm upset so just leave it alone.
If you don't like it, will you not even want to see my face?
Shownu is the victim.
When I saw Heechul dating TS, I looked at TS Nori lol.
It's so leaky that I'm almost going to do something like MeToo
Center stone attached
I hope you live happily. There are some malicious comments, so don’t worry.
The drama is so dull. I didn’t watch it. The miracle of meeting Kim Myung-min and Kim Hyun-joo was a huge hit. It was so cool.
Jung Yonghwa is so cool!!
Blame it on the Yangsebari Kang Line. Yu-Rain is gone.
Hahaha I thought it was gay hahaha the clothes and makeup haha.
Short term? Yoyo is coming
Bong..bong..bong..like I got hit~~~
Just lift it up?
I saw her as a good person and had a good personality, but when she started appearing, people started to cool down and I'm always digging into Han Seo-hee's back.
It doesn't matter whether you wear a bra or not, all you do is curse at Hannam ㅡㅡ
Do you follow your lover when he drinks?
He's handsome and has a lot of good friends, but did he take drugs??
Choosing to act was a burden every moment, try hard and succeed now, don’t let it ruin you.
But the couple seems to eat well and live well with just one song... It seems like they live through luck rather than any ability.
I remember briefly seeing a news story about something going on with Ki’s agency, YG.
It's okay if you don't see it, you talk too muchㅡㅡFram's work
Are you exhausted...?
It must have been a lot of hard work, but I finished it safely. There are a lot of bad things to say, but there are also people who quietly wish. Rest well and have a good performance again. Goodbye.
80% off, I don't swear at people who leave malicious comments.
How can you not mention Gian? It's not fun without Gian. Simon D lives alone without Gian. Don't say it's fun and say it's not fun.
The looks of Korean women without plastic surgery are no match for real women. Many women get plastic surgery to make their eyes bigger and their faces smaller, but Beth originally had big eyes and a small face.
I wish Taejipa could live comfortably. She would be of school age, but I am worried that she will go abroad because of the inconvenience.
To be honest, I am good at English at Seoul National University and it is burdensome to watch, so I just take a break and watch TV, but Jang Young-ran is a comfortable kid.
Do you know you are pregnant?
I don’t want to see Kim Seong-ju, so I don’t watch it.
Innocence doesn't suit you, just confess and pretend to reflect.
I don't like Seo In-gu, but what's the point? ㅜ ㅜ There's no fuss, the pace is fast, there's no pressure, and I applaud the directors~
A nobleman’s bones are whole? Learn more. human
I heard that American soldiers lost hahahahaha
Former Yoon Jong-shin also said bullshit, so the Dickim incident must have been a hot topic. Yoo Hee-yeol also made a big mistake. He has a habit of looking at other people, so there are probably a lot of people who don't even know what's wrong.
Since you have white blood, you will be liked by the race owners, so if you punish your parents, they will give you a generous appearance fee.
Kian 84 Fighting, no matter what they say, you are the best
These days, I'm addicted to dramas, so I watch all the dramas I can find, but Hwayugi is not fun. I watch Mother Money Flower, Black Knight, My Golden Life, Return, and Hwayugi, but I don't enjoy Hwayugi.
Sulli tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tt
Ke Jang Yoon-jeong, Hwachat
Too much lip makeup...
There is no need for you to follow your mother-in-law's old ways and show your mother's old ways, right? I think you are too young. I understand that you don't want to hurt your mother, but you shouldn't say things carelessly.
As expected, it’s always a good ending restaurant
Didn’t you hear about EXO, who was in trouble when the late Kim Joo-hyuk’s article was plastered all over the internet? lol
It would have been nice to have a daughter. Have a good life with your friends.
If you look at the liver adult rights, they are trying to cut down more people like them.
I'm jealous of my dick
Looks like an undercover cop
Don’t go to the bar of your life. Are you trying so hard to even speak?
NiᆢᆢJian My life is golden.
photo moment strings
Yunjin is good at acting.
I want to see you again. Lipda is the cutest youngest daughter in the world.
I have no interest in dating rumors. No need to confirm agency. A trashy article that gives you something to chew on over the weekend. Disgusting trash,
Honestly, I came from Inseongjongri.
Hwang Jeong-seo, Cha Hwa-yeon, and Sang-woo's acting were worth watching.
Among lovers, they are the most exemplary people. They are great beyond respect.
Let’s not get cold feet. Honestly, if a man like Madat comes in front of you, are you willing to show me his pants? It's really all down. It seems really mean to criticize someone when they say something is good.
It's fun, fresh, good acting, and I'm very satisfied.
What about Namgoong Min ㅠㅠㅠ
Gangnam is a jungle and its purpose is like a grain of dust.
It's just good. Seongdong Kim Hae-sook Runners have good facial expressions, but they have no soul and are uncomfortable to look at. Suddenly I heard smoke... Anyone who watches a lot of movies would know...
May your soul rest in peace
Looking at my previous post, I heard that it would be nice to buy a room at Lemes ;;;
If you force a love that has already left you, it will be a mess. Provincial court rights? The Korean judiciary is very backward.
All you have to do is make it funny~
The only guest who was funny was Seo-woo... Even Park Bo-young wasn't funny.
She's a really fun dog woman~ It's a pity she always seems to be there. Cheer up.^^
If a couple has a child, she will be Kim Tae-hee...
Kim Jun-ho seems to be gambling on D.N. Cha Tae-hyun is also disappointed. Abolish the program that only looks at the frames.
What a sacred pregnant body, bikini! It makes no sense.
I always saved Kian Jibot haha.
There may be a lack of players, but I don't know if it's the original intention. Isn't it to show the members' development? Wouldn’t it be better to pick Kim Seong-joo and Jeong Hyeong-don from high schools?
Visit Manny in the hospital
Haha it’s really dirty haha
This is how it is said to be a flower.
Hanchae is the only one who gets jealous.
Jang Mi-hee ㅜPlease return the housewife to its original state... This is unreasonable.! Her eldest daughter is going to marry her team leader...but her mother's behavior is also unbelievable.
I want to kick the ball.
Don't try to artificially change the aging process, just accept it.
Can you send me a picture of Hongin? Ki Hongin is a sight.
Hansa Dentist’s 3 Greatest Proverbs LOL
Son Dam-bi was so scared of Jang Do-yeon... While watching Jang Do-yeon's episode, it was uncomfortable to see the way she spoke ignoring each other's personal issues... I was going to punch her in the middle of the day... I must be scared of Ryeo Won and Gong Hyo-jin...
It's sad that this is reality ㅜㅜ
Where did Lim Hyun-joo come from? I can't even express nice things to others.
40 is too late these days. Cheer up and take care of yourself.
Don't say anything about her appearance - Ham So-won also married a man 18 years younger than her, and Hong Hyun-hee, who is short and fat, doesn't live well with her husband lol. Don't you hate her for her looks? Doesn't love have boundaries?
Again, Hyun Bin is also handsome and good at acting~!!
It seems that President Moon Jae-in and the country will become communists. Do it in moderation.
I'll be able to see MC Mong Lang's duet at the concert...? I'm looking forward to it haha.
If you're jealous, you'll lose~~ You're cute~ㅋ You're prettier than Jangwon~~ LOL
Get rid of Gian, it’s disgusting to watch, he’s dropping viewer ratings.
Kim Ji-seok has a long face and is not cheap ㅇㅇ
The second collection of martial arts men and women is ridiculous, and you have to report it yourself, and you made a very lax and emotional judgment about gender? What is the principle of presumption of innocence?
Man, I’m so pathetic and I feel like I’m going to throw up. Just take it off.
It's so sad ㅠㅠ ....Wonhee Kim, who wants to be with us for the last time, will you feel good? Cheer up, Gopdan.
Please do it for the national team. It's the best.
Hyeri I trust ♥♥♥
I made a lot of money. I'm a person who only worked for large companies.
Myungsoo-hyung is releasing it on Radio...ㅜㅜ
I was happy. I will take care of you again.
Live ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
A statement was just posted on Instagram, so I believed it and waited. I see it, but I'm calling to complain for the first time in my life when I don't see a correction.
Im Se-ryeong, it's a blessing!! If it were me, I would live with Jae-yong...
When you're young, it's necessary to cheat. If you can't forgive me for cheating, you'll end up in torpor, and if it's okay, I'll just live with it. What should I do now?
I apply anesthetic cream... but sedation is not necessary.
It would be nice if Eugene changed the sea and started again.
I don't want to see you like that, don't look at me, you have reason not to look, you guys, gooooooooo, go on Sulli's Instagram, look at articles, look for pictures, evil my eyes, what are you talking about, Hannam?
I'm sick of run dramas
Wasn’t it funny? Drinks keep coming lol.
That's important now
Jeon Hyun-moo wins - I'm jealous - he says he lived hard.
But. People who tune in can't get proposed to or get married? LOL They can't do it because they don't have money LOL They're so sad they die LOL.
Supply and demand of masks is more important than Park Seong-gwang’s wedding news, they are expensive.
It's frivolous..;; He's the one who broadcasts his ex-friend..
It's so scary to see others...
Be nice to your mom
Who are you, Kim Tae-hee... and your brother-in-law Rain... why are you marrying a useless player like Gonggi??
I am also receiving treatment at a dermatologist. I tried applying anesthetic cream for the first time after receiving sleep treatment, but I was indifferent to the pain. If the sleep treatment scars are deep, the pain during the treatment process is more severe, so I can't use anesthetic cream.
I was an unusually good actor, but the management was such a mess that I got trashed. Poor guy.
Let’s see how Kim Mi-hwa is criticizing the bed… The more she criticizes Kim Mi-hwa, the more she fights~
Will my husband be uncomfortable with my new boyfriend?
Let’s earn 10,000 won and our juniors can earn money and live quietly while having fun.
Sang-yoon doesn't give it to me because I feel like I'm in a romantic relationship.
They say I'll be deported for being a star. I heard everyone I met had plastic surgery. Don't ask for anything else. Is there nothing you can do?
Gura, my boyfriend, I believe in his face and say he caused a lot of damage, and then he seduces me first.
Even if you're a 2-year-old lover, you'll probably be very popular when you grow up because you're so bright and round...
For a moment I thought it was Suzy
Change your position and show your neglected face. Your husband is ugly and unattractive. Stop drinking and get plastic surgery. Think of it as taking care of your fishery‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
It's an ugly fight, but honestly, it's a made-up situation.
Do not manipulate search terms. I'm in an uproar right now, but I've never heard of a search term before. The government is a manipulative government.
Attorney Ko Seung-woo's appearance is as warm and mature as his attitude. He's cool!!!
Hye Jjangmeokung
You did it in bed, right?
Think of it as victory
The facial expression in the photo doesn't look sorry at all??
I'm serious about it
Seo In-young looked like a cool girl and Yoo looked like a hero.
How on earth are you guys going crazy? Park Han-byeol is so stupid, he's not guilty, and he can't stop filming a drama. Do you think Park Han-byeol will be fooled? There are so many sick people out there, they're going to hide and say things like you can't show their faces.
I wish people would stop eating. The people who were harmed also openly revealed their real names and names. It seems like they are just waiting for Han Chinese to die.
Jeongjun's acting skills have grown a lot. On the other hand, please do a good job filming the drama. The acting is perfect. Kangdu didn't know about the Nakdong River.
The Fair Trade Commission said that CEO Baek is in a relationship with a broadcasting company. Please reveal whether the franchise owner is making the company swim. Baek Coffee Shops will be created across the country in an instant, and all existing coffee shops will go out of business. ㅠㅠ
I am sorry for not being able to help the victims... ㅜㅜI sincerely hope that the grandmothers will enjoy the rest of their lives.
It's so long and cute just like my mom♡♡♡
After reading the comments, I see that it is treated on the same level as murder, killing someone with evil in mind.
Sweet heart, Wonho, Wonho... Cute rabbit, Wonho, good person, Wonho, love, Hoseok, Wonho, Wonho
Wow, Sungo looks great ,,
But who are you talking about, who made Jung Yu-mi? Even if it's on the other side, if you want to meet Jung Yu-mi, you'll do it.
Do you really have to post all of your run posts on social media?? It's also an orb ceremony.
I can't help but feel that his eyes are giving me goosebumps... Of course, I can't look at anyone other than him..?
It's really an angel... It's different for each person, but in a marital relationship, the sex part is very important. These days, I think there's a need to learn, not the run part, but the overall personality part.
If you're having trouble having an affair, you probably came to the Human Theater too? If I hadn't become a lover, I might have been better off.
Reflect on what you heard, pigs over 60
I had high expectations because the DNA was good, but I was really disappointed with Peklove.. Can people who say they like it say it's okay to sing a song like a new group's song because they are BTS fans?? The music video is written...
Does Kang Su-ji’s clothes look white?
It doesn't look good to pretend to be a half-lover... If you run away because you don't like your ex-lover, it's right to kick him.
Most people don't care about Yang Jun. I feel repulsed because they keep criticizing me.
I'm having fun watching it
Please eradicate the violence against Hannam people. Please give the death penalty to Hannam, especially when his lover dies. Please reveal the identity of the violent criminal.
These days, it's a world where you can go on air without prior casting, and it seems like it's a situation that was created without knowing anything rather than putting on pants.
It kills the morale of wannabe Runsik Bar Buff lovers;; However, if you can't see the acting once, you won't be able to skip it and will only get criticized.
Don't do it, it's uncomfortable to look at.
Tak Jae-hoon would be good
I always got 100 points for dictation, so please write an article~~
I'm not interested in run articles.
The only thing I don't know is... I didn't even know who Cha Eun-woo was or that he was a lover. I saw him for the first time and he didn't know if it was at a stone alley restaurant.
Hahaha, I was brainwashed on a car tour and got into trouble hahahahaha
Wonho, trust me!!!!!!! I always believe!!!!!!! forever together!!! love
cool! Please take good care of your facial fat so it doesn’t fall out~~
axis! I’m glad to smile~~
If it's the same, I'll tear your mouth off!
Even though the two of us seem happy, we feel empty because we don't have children...? It would be even better if the actor looked just like him!
Lovers lose weight, half people don't follow suit, it's a no-no, you're good at investing money.
The timing is subtle.
The comments are so shaky hahaha There’s nothing wrong with what you said hahaha Are there any legal questions or did you take a dive haha
Wait, I think I have some experience with men, but I settled down.
One scene is good. Yu Baek... wait next week.
Even if it's an unreasonable act, you can feel it to some extent by looking at their eyes. I vote that they're dating~~ There were a lot of kissing scenes, and it seems like emotions that weren't there before were created, so they look good together~
They only have kids who are really bad at acting. The ratings for dramas on Mondays and Tuesdays are shit. They say they are temporarily abolishing dramas, but I don't know if they are using the stones that can't act. Even when they look at their faces with double hands, they give goosebumps and give goosebumps. The audience rating is 2%.
Eating disorder caused by stress... I'm worried.
But it was a good thing...ㅠㅠ
Are you just messing around with the ending and making it an open ending?
Even if it's a hangover, it's worth it
Be sure to give it to your baby. ~Important^^
Does it run?
What is a tattoo? lol
It's too late for everything, we already don't know who Tira is.
Is my taste like abalone?
What's the use of flipping through water pants without donating?
You crazy idiot~~Jung Joon-young and Seungri are trash, they only learn from bad people and they swear too much.
I envy your skin under fluorescent lights. It's just white so it's pretty and bright. Dermatology is the main thing that makes it like this. Try it too~~
There's a lot of patriotism in the room, it's good!
Old guy in his 40s who sucks at zooms ^^
As Han Hye-jin said, you can't put your personal feelings first on the air.
Sean, I think joining the military will be more helpful! Haha
Why not help the less fortunate because it’s winter?? So it's hard work and hard work for the people I met... I think they'll hurt me twice because they're pots that will go cold after only a few days of good broadcasting... hahaha.
The drama is not fun and I am really happy watching Hyun Bin. Hyun Bin is good looking and has acting skills. His acting is always so crazy. Please give me a happy ending.
Yoo Jae-seok is boring~ A new face~
I am not lonely
Tala also admits it. Looking at the Jeolla-do people who commented on it, they said that people from Jeolla-do do not support Moon Jae-in haha;; I don't know why these people can say don't curse Jeolla-do. I want Mr. Park Myung-soo because he has inertia!!
There are a lot of eyewitness accounts of him being healthy in the military, so Midge is really underrated... There's no one who's as underrated as this guy.
A couple like no other in the world
Genie seki.....
But the Delu special was aired on KBS? Does KBS have no respect?? Ska Castle and other broadcasting stations are also putting straws in their programs????
Even the end of the drama is like death sentence, it's good to see Lee Woo-jung and Moo.
Expectations for Song Hye-kyo's chemistry are eye-catching. It's an introduction to a certain character and it's always going to be a full-fledged story. I'm always looking forward to it.
Park Gyu-ri is capable.. Femi can't do it. Even if he's dead and awake...
But isn’t school violence #MeToo embarrassing? You were a hottie going to school. Are you the one going around gossiping about Touhou? They say that if you harbor a bitter grudge, even the New Year will be frosty. It's a pity that Hyorin seems to have been caught in an unlucky situation.
Do you enjoy the drama?
It's a pity. There is no mourning... everyone is punished. They'll attack you and say that it's unfortunate if you don't have children. Babies are a blessing to humanity and the beauty of life.
Dirty Korean fabrics are playing with comments on men’s wedding articles, right? I'm a person who is more capable and better off than you, so I shouldn't worry about your life being a waste of money lol.
With your other half? Gangnam-sang, rich? Big in there? She won't quit
Moon Hee-Jun looks at Choti Riz and now he wants to get rid of the management.
Recruiting Kim Sae-ron seems like a big deal, but what about someone you haven't heard of? It's okay to buy a house~~~~ Saeron is falling so quickly~~
I like watching dramas...I'm already looking forward to the week...ㅜ
Is it Seo Hyun-jin?
Ahn Hyun-mo is said to be ugly, but he is 36. There is no lee caul either.
June 29, Jeon Mi-sun, July 31, Park Seong-woo... How many tie-in news reports are you planning on making this year?
Is it okay to get caught speeding only when pregnant? Are you saying you committed a speeding violation but avoided enforcement? If you were careful and thought about what you said
Personal best career: 4th place overall in the Olympics, a figure skating legend that has been compared to the current academy instructor..
I don't like Ahn Hyo-seop ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
Jo Yeong-gu and Shin Jae-eun fell for Show Go, and Jo Young-gu and Shin Jae-eun fell for Show Go because they spent money on private education.
Maintain religion~~~ It was Park Geun-hye's statement. Congratulations~~~!!!
But are Toilet Yoochun guys banging on an unrelated Seyoung article? Haha, I'm an old throwaway who was abandoned by SM.
Are you going to kneel down? You're not even going to get married, but you're doing it???
Would you wear a short skirt while pregnant? Gireginakshi ㅡㅡㅋ
They all said the song was great, but did the kezooms like it? lol
From a Westerner's perspective, doesn't it seem shocking that his face is 40? lol
Wow, is the CEO of the previous company's choreography? It was also a sheepish thing haha. The CEO lives there... Being the CEO of a company teaches choreography ㄴ?? That makes sense
Did you do anything to your body as an actor, butchers?
The prosecution investigated and completely uncovered it.
Koreans are mad about the sound of kimchi, but you are kimchi-smelling women to the core. You guys already left a comment. If you're pregnant, why are you the only one throwing insults at me for being pretty? This is proof that she is a kimchi girl.
Someone did it too. hehe
If you look like me, it's my husband's clothes.
Bulletproof unknowns are severely depleted. Muju cries. Don’t become BTS at the broadcasting station. Creativity wins.
It's the most boring thing ever
TVXQ has a lot of money;;
When I step on the sawing radish run style and see the small D.. piece at the end of the saw being put in, the torque adjustment is also... I can't control it. I tried to figure out a plan to recruit, but it's uncomfortable to look at because it's a setup that worries too much.
At this point, I think Ahn Jae-hyun is amazing for sticking around for 3 years.
There it is hahahahaha......
I think it will be interesting to see a drama centered around Jongseok. The part above is not funny
The episode wasn't fun.
Kim Hae-sook's eyes are evil and her face is cruel and cold.
I can’t listen to the radio haha. Screw you.
What is the mentality of writing malicious comments in an article?
I'm sneakily interfering with you. Did someone even single you out?
It suits you so well~^^
I had a good time watching Minhyun and Ra-won. These two are so amazing.
Yang Hyun-seok re-evaluation
I just come here to buy a 70-year-old for a monthly rent of 10,000,000 won.. After hearing Tak’s story, I want to live there.. If you’re being realistic.
Kim Won-hee, I have no food, so I can't even eat regular Sapbab, and my life is ruined haha.
Yang Se-hyung is a communist
If something is being spread like this, we will report it and filter it out. The only thing they care about is making money, and they have no connection or interest in it. This article is trash!!!
That's right - JYP is a great teacher. Good luck! JYP forever!
Don’t leave malicious comments on Rungeul. Are you really upset? If you're going to leave a bad comment, don't write. I wonder if your skills have been used.. Compensate and apologize. I would still be upset even if I got compensation. ㅠㅠ
It's ok as long as you don't have leftist sentiments
I can't act at all in Korea, so I'm in China~ I'm in China and I'm in the middle of nowhere. In China, I'm dubbing haha.
Prostitution is legalized
I also want to change my wife.
Zico is also out of fashion, but... if it were U, I wouldn't even have heard this song.
JTBC is a leftist broadcast. So you guys like Moon Jae-in?
Are you not wearing panties?... Wow... it's dirty...
However, if you release music while serving in the military or if your compositions are recorded, you will generate revenue from the music, but is it okay to engage in commercial activities as a soldier? Curious...
After 30, public interest sucks hahaha. It really sucks haha.
Miscasting of Ra Mi-ran.. If her visuals were similar to Kim Hyun-joo, she would have received less criticism.. The two families' visuals are polar opposites, so the sense of incongruity is amplified.. Kim Hyun-joo's role as Ra Mi-ran is Jeon Ji-hyun, Kim Tae-hee, and Song Hye-kyo.. To be honest, Son Jin's role was the same as that of Song Hye-kyo.
The material is so childish that I don’t watch it.
Don't worry because I really don't like married people who are single, ignorant, and married.
Haha I’m 210km tall
He's handsome, but he's not a popular actor.
As expected, Yeonhee is a talented actress.
I don’t even want to look at YG Shakies, it’s just news
Jeon Hyun-moo Seungri’s face and body are to die for.
I'm tired of Yoo Jae-seok's line. I live alone. It's similar to the similar version.
It's true that they're getting caught even now, but it feels like they've let go of MB and Jeon's secrets.
Haha, you're pretty to begin with haha. You guys are so good to begin with and you're still good even when you lose weight.
Your lovers keep their secrets top secret but reveal their photos? I don't want to be disturbed, but I want to hear compliments...
But are they really like father and daughter? They're just a couple, but if you look at them...
Good luck with your husband's money ㄷㄷ Well done Kess
Both he and Hwasa are commercialized. Don't promote gender conflict for no reason, you guys said;;;; The world is spinning, but I feel like I'm in trouble with my daughter's parents. What's the point of going to a bar and wearing clothes?
Sanghwa...isn’t it urgent? I'm worried that you're too busy exercising to care about others. You're the one who said Gangnam's upper limit... I'm worried that you seem like a naive person making a hasty decision...
Turned~?? Sir...ㅜㅜ
Hahahahaha I got my driver’s license hahahaha.
If it's true, can you sue?
I'm a guy and I really hate Runners because they're so bad.. Just do it in moderation and ignore it because it's dirty. Chang.11 girl what? Dress appropriately. Do you need enough money to take off your clothes? Give me your sister?
Daughter of prostitution... ㅠㅠ It's pitiful...
Han Go-eun is lying. When I look at her, I think of Mark Dot.
Isn’t that political violence? If it's you who cheated, then what does it matter? Even just talking to each other was a bit harsh;;
Director Jak Radle, who puts a lot of pressure on dramas
Is this guy pretending to be cool and cool? He feels inferior to Soo-kyung, so he gets all kinds of hysterical and sarcastic on air. Who knows that his sarcastic personality is real?
Just see the people you want to see. If you don't like it, don't watch it. Please don't make a fuss and just be quiet...
Hyori loves the layered cut
You can see the ugly neutrality of the ingredients that have conquered their inferiority complex. ^^
What if you post a photo of Song Young-gil? Gi and Hong Yun-hwa too.
The worst drama I've ever watched, a drama that isn't even a sequel to Tyrannosaurus Rex
Chungjae fixed Chungjae orb Gian Do not give
Even if you wrap it up, you can't do it, so you'll be investigated... If you make it clear, it'll be good ^^
Can I subtract 52 degrees?
You're out of luck, end your relationship with your mom.
I hate Rasun Happy Noodles
Haha, the hospital usually issues stickers for 3 weeks.
Damn, I'm sick... I don't believe in relationships that end after the prom ends... haha.
I'm already curious...
Hey guys!!! Isn't it funny how Go Hyun-jung always sprays water on some guy in the bathtub? I squirted a lot lol.
A very good actor.
Last time I wore spoiled clothes, but this time I was into playing with food.
As for lovers, just get dressed and drink at a bar.
Fuck, it’s a disaster.. haha. I have 1 trillion won in assets, but I don’t know how to pay 100 billion won, and then I screw up and lose.
Kim Tae-hee of Good Yoo Jung is said to be very easy-going. Maybe it's because she has the younger brother's personality.
Park Han-byeol didn't do anything wrong, so you're swearing at me like that?
Lim Young-woong: Resistance from fanatical enthusiasts, only hovering in the midrange of the vocal range... Vocalization is also babbling... Marketing packaging. I don’t think it will run long ㅠㅠ
You two are dating? I'm crazy...
Really, everything is controversial... uh
Manager Baek Seung-soo ㅠㅠ
It’s nice~~~ Let’s start the new year
Acting that only makes your eyes wide open.... but uncomfortable?
It's unrealistic, and if I'm left to watch TV and think about fat guys, I'll call my wife 10 times‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
You may not know, and Jun-hoe's personality is just that, but anyway, people who don't know will always say that Jun-hoe is at fault. He's childish, so I can't give it to him.
ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Before the men’s bathing machine, I told them to look back at their personalities in every corner of the house and write a comment, and even put a full-length mirror on them.
What gives me goosebumps is that if I don't get my lover, I won't pay him back for the rest of my life. It gives me goosebumps.
Jung Jun-ho's stuff is the most fun ㅜㅡ If you watch Jung Jun-ho's episode, do you change the channel? It's so bursting with fun.
Hong Sang-soo and Kim Min-hee are good directors and actors, but they don't know about relationships with men. I don't think I should be criticized like that...
It doesn't matter if you look at the remaining tip, but you shouldn't look at it? Too much means it's going to be loud.
Kim Dong-myeong passed away due to lack of skill.
It's not fun... It's about the same as a historical song... Kim Eun-sook was good, but she admits that she failed once.
Damn pig bitches, excuses
It seems like there are a lot of unreleased movies, but it hasn't been released yet
Are you and your nephew lovers? It was nothing
But anyway, if you exclude Bangtan, everyone else is at the level of fine dust, and if you exclude Stone, they are at the level of ramen soup crumbs, so why start a business..? Who is cheap?
Did you do it?
Meow Kang Eun-bi’s behavior is out of sync. Are you going to speak informally without thinking about the other person?? Was I embarrassed? I honestly don't wonder who was lying, but I was embarrassed after watching Kang Eunbi's video on YouTube.
Bible que cadenia? It's just a lie... Especially the one with the big, bulging eyes... He's got a bad temper and he's too loud.... He's much better than Seo Hyun-jin's previous work..... Just criticize the feminists... .If you’re jealous, ask for the door
Nam Gyu-ri is so pretty
Jung Kyung-ho also wore leggings...
movie - wife temptation
I heard that Chun Doo-hwan's daughter-in-law, Park Sang-ra.
It's a pity that Young seems to be setting an unreasonable limit on eating.
If you're going to give me relief, shut up. Is it going to be hard for you?
Hyun Bin is so cool haha
The Dalsu type is full of stones. Because there are people who can see the truth.
What are you asking? It's okay for someone to open their breasts, but it's okay to open their breasts???
I hate Lin. I came here to win 10 games in a row.
To be honest, I don't know where the man is in the room lol.
Is it a funeral home fashion show? Hong Jeong-wook, what is a hanger chief?
Yuk Jung-wan is a two-faced, hateful person, so it's a shame? You've forgotten your difficult music role. Do you think it will work out just the two of you? Cheer up, all three of you. Yuk Jung-wan's band will fail.
Being investigated there means less media exposure.
Don’t worry, it’s Jangdimae ㅠㅠ!!!
President Baek Jong-won is a great person. Upgraded the taste and business of alley shops.
Kim Hee-sun, you can’t act.
Teacher Sunjae, please stay by my side so that you don’t feel lonely~~
As expected, the trash rudlang is different from the genetics.
Run husband, Gamjideokjini, swelling, eating alone, I don't think I can survive if I get married for real, should I put my temper down and live with my temper?
I have no expectations for JTBC dramas. I've never seen it before. Wouldn't it be nice if TVN made it?
It's okay for Seoni Yoon to throw a tantrum, but for kids to criticize Jung Woo-sung, it's rum??? Since she is a public relations ambassador for UN refugees, she promoted herself on social media... The funny thing about Yoon Seo-in is that she always speaks politely.
Were these two people in their past lives as goblins and goblin brides?? A love like fate...I want it♡ It's nice to see your confident appearance~^^
Brother Ik, Daniㅜㅜ Good
Drugs, gambling, and prostitution are good, but only to a certain extent.
I'm not good because I'm ugly
BTS Jimin is cool
Don't ruin a rock by putting a stone in it, destroy it among yourselves. MCs don’t look at the door. Especially Kim Gura, Yoon Jong-shin, and Kim Gook-jin-moon. I have lost the will to defend Shin Jung-hwan.
The acting was superb. I’m looking forward to the role as well.
Release them all. The arrests are for the hot-blooded people arguing with each other. Are you making a fuss? There are no people making comments about the kid's drug limit and not doing anything after watching the video.
Oh, it was so funny! Haha
Is it a drinking fountain? Lie down...?
Cheer up, Seungri, fighting
Pig Spark is not equal lol.
400 million won would be the price of gum, but you are a heartless daughter.
He was really good at it. He had a good personality. I had a good time traveling alone~
The guy I used to follow around... I didn't date him.
A really trashy article... I'm interested in Unseo-gi, who married a chaebol....;;;;
I'm sorry about Somin. I think the actor she's playing with would be good as well.
If you drop a drop to be tested and say it's a drug, will you get caught?
A drama about incompetent zoomies who think their marriage is over after their careers.
It looks like the actors are going to be really annoyed, especially because of Som's acting.
Even if Yu could only drive...ㅠㅠㅠㅠ...Yoondo fangin...I don't think he would be a complete idiot....
It's true that it's either okay to do it or not.
I wish Jang Shin-young didn't come. I see you are trying to get hold of your husband. Wouldn't it be better if you remarried with a child?
There was a time when I promoted diet pills by removing evangelism, but it seemed like I was breaking it and taking it out again and again.
I can feel the difference... Baek Jong-won is very popular these days.
These two have great emotional chemistry. Maybe they'll start dating after the drama ends..? Hahaha
...... sob
The actors are all good, but they're a married couple...don't they fit together? It's their first lead role, so I guess it's too much to say.
As expected, JTBC should cover Son Hye-won?
It's not fun, I don't watch it
Cha Hwa-yeon's excessive bar acting is embarrassing and I can't watch it.
Are you talking about it? It seems like you are tired of talking about Bangkok for two years. Even if you don't ask for it, you shouldn't just quietly accept that your best friend left you.
I feel like I got a lot of help from you...
Koo Van Damme's face... at least get me plastic surgery. The face...
Even though I was pushed back by Bulletproof, I’m doing well.
It must be fun, I’m jealous, it’s full.
It seems like they created a frame to bury Jang Yeon from their superiors. They lied about Yoonji's statement and covered up Jang Yeon's death. When you tell people to look at the moon, they only look at your fingers and not the moon.
you're right. I hope you take a closer look and see a difference.
From Lado
Immado Byeong-heon and In-bo, the king of energy who can't control his energy!
Cheer up. I sent my cousin away two days ago and I can't get my mind together.
But if you bite a criminal... Are you crazy or lecherous?
Ku Hye-sun, please marry her cleanly. Jae-hyun Ahn is in unrelated retirement.
Of course it's sexual harassment! If even one person feels sexually humiliated, it is sexual harassment. If you apologize quickly, you will be sued.
I hope you have a pretty daughter haha
Don't compare yourself to Jang Yoon-jeong and Hyun Bin, who are now outdated~~~ Songin is the best now.
You are the one who called for visa number 468, right?
Moon-shaped stone..!
I love Goo Hye-sun and Ahn Jae-hyun...they're both ugly at the top
It's true that you're in a period of boredom. . It's like sucking on the sweet water and throwing it away. .There are a lot of people around. Very very dog ​​im. . The question is that he likes to listen to Runnam.
What was it like in Thailand? I wonder. I wonder.
Thumping zoom needles are angry
The current snow is quite low haha.
It definitely became a typical kimchi drama after episode 17.
These days, it's not even a historical drama, it's a Kimcha drama that tells the story of ugly old maids.
Oh my gosh~~ I can’t digest lunch well.
Even now, tens of thousands of people in North Korea are suffering from human trafficking in China..Director, aren’t you interested in Run? Is the purpose an adult document? Is it half of you?
Bye, Sudo is a flower snake. 300 million haha. Just kidding.
Honestly, Kian84 is more handsome. But Park Jung-min is a good actor. peel. The sight of him being confident and quietly taking on anything is quite charming.
army
The skeleton has changed, but it's like that lol
Rum milk is also sexual? People who think of Sang-go, Mr. Shang-geo?
I'd like to try it, but the fermentation period is short..
It's even more shocking that he didn't do it lol I think Jung Yong-hwa and Jonghyun will pretend to be calm and brush their teeth, but Hongki Kim Hee-chul is healthy.
I told you the truth, but there's an uproar
Dalsu is unfairly beaten.. Don’t eat radish.
Kang Daniel...
A fun and good companion? Nizi. No matter how hard or difficult it is, you learn to be together as a friend. It's not that I don't care about the numerous drunk driving accidents, but I ignore difficult situations. It's proof that I can trust martial arts and that there is nothing.
Be careful when you buy, I feel like I'm being kicked to death.
Jisung looks better
If it were God Seolhyun, who is the hottest star these days, the viewership rating would have been 50%.
It's been 12 weeks since I remarried, but I'm 32 weeks pregnant...
If you were a person who recruited Gilda and made a big deal out of it, you couldn't even imagine it.
It's funny haha
Their personalities are so messed up, I can’t praise them.
Sex crime midget
Is it really something else?
Just love.
I think I'll delete it too, you bastard
Of course, it would be nice to wear a loose shirt. Haha Kim Ji-won is so pretty. Haha
I chewed it a lot and got old. I chewed Shin Ramyun noodles with my teeth. Do you have any molars? I chewed it like an old man who lost all his teeth. It tasted really bad.
Thinking of Jun-mo and his wife, perfect strangers. Feeling like the phone has been revealed to the entire nation?
“Unseo was your goal hahahahahahahahaha I’m going to go to a chaebol, get married, retire from the bar hahahaha. There was an interview… I asked if you can get married even if you don’t have money, and he said, “Just ask for more haha.”
I understand, Namsoo Dean.
Right point?
As expected, old maids in their 30s who couldn't get married are shaking haha.
Choi Ji-woo’s husband is a gangster? Everyone makes fists, right?
I really need a mental evaluation...
It's so funny haha ​​even top stars are so hot that they're crying haha. Are you kidding me with this news article? ~~~ Don't act like you're cute and don't act like you're famousㅡ You'll stand out even more.
Honestly, it would be nice to film a bed scene right now.
If comments on acting companies are abolished, there will be no more time to see your comments.
It was always decided.
It was a lot less fun than I thought. I won't see you again next week.
It’s so bizarre while filming. From now on, have them cast for a psychiatric evaluation~
I thought it was y2k teacher Go Jae-geun^^
Honestly, if other people bought it and posted it. It's like taking a bath. I think it will all be okay. She, Kim, I don't think she's like those guys above. She donated the entire 500 million bar winnings from Superstar K and seemed like a good guy. You know, but . It seems like a lot of unfair people will come too.
The talented dance groups of the past, Lipnae... Nose Alp, suddenly became a popular group with young stone girl groups.
I'm more knowledgeable
Yen what?!
Ra Mi-ran.. isn't good at acting, but she shows off her strong personality and is suddenly cast as the third person in the rankings.. what's the point of a comedy that ruins the drama?
Cha Eun-hyuk is a really cute guy, but he kissed someone else who has a husband, and Chae-rin just kissed Moon Jae-sang. What about drivers who live in rural areas? Their standards are low.
Changhoon, Byungheon, Yooin, Rain, Hyunbin... I really want to marry Song Joong-ki. Honestly, I wish I could marry Song Joong-ki.
He seems to have lived a good life since he made money through his own hard work and kept his private life clean.
It might be personal preference, but I leaned back and watched it, but it wasn't fun.
Newsroom Namjoo Kim once... he really looked like a fortune teller...
Since I'm a surrogate violist, I keep getting drunk and driving... Even right in front of my nose, I'm asking for 10,000 won...
It's good for him. Even if he's in the military, he's the owner of a building, so he'll make a few billion more in two years.
There must be circumstances.
Park Jin-young, just once. He seems like a well-maintained person who hasn't had any incidents. The ballad song is also good, but it hasn't been released yet.
I knew it would be like that. Before the drama started, they talked about the military like that, but now that it's over, there's nothing but positive reviews. The military only makes other people fools. What's the difference between a dog and a pig?
If you look at this, it really looks like a government investigation agency. Why don't you put up a shield for the people who are going to judge and give it to them? Why not give it to them to attack them without making legal judgment based on the law?
What the hell?
Acting really cool lol Giving birth is hard anyway, but now I'm like angjin hahahaha
What should I do? Deputy Manager Seung-Hoon was scamming me while posting an article called Ni.
I probably did it to lengthen my legs, but I dug radishes on the sides and back. It would have been cool if I had done it properly.
Gopdan must have been happy too. You are a pretty and warm mom like Wonhee. I hope you have a wonderful time in the end. Cheer up Gopdan♡
T-Rano was fighting on top of the Empire State Building and was attacked by a fighter jet, and he died. The cruelty made me cry.
I must have made it up so well~ I can't believe I used my natural talent.. Tsk~
A person who didn't listen to both sides and did so indifferently, calling for expulsion over facts he didn't know about.
Yang Se-hyung is a dog man and a weirdo, so what? Run Tattle is as sad as a dog man
I was so upset that I was so upset after being ripped off of 140 billion won~~~~ㅋㅋㅋ
If possible, it is better not to make enemies.
Even if you don't reflect on it, you'll just be in prison for the rest of your life.
The Superman lesson was good, but it's easy to change the appearance..
I don't watch it, I'm not interested. Just finish it. Even people know it.
I'm dying to get someone to speak informally to my husband, who is always the same. Is your husband your servant?
The door smells
I'm a fan, so stay strong ㅠㅠ I want it... I look forward to seeing you sleep and be active again.
Well done! Doran has been through a lot... he's stupid, frustrated, and can't act.
There seem to be a lot of ex-wives... Looking at the comments... Just live with it.. I wonder if you listened to your ex-wife well... What is the reason for marriage with your soul rather than having an affair?
Song Chang-yuri, really bad bitches, kissing at a wedding and making fun of each other? Cha Eun-hyuk is a kidnapper, Min Chae-rin is a childcare center, Mak Ran-ae.
All three legs are good
There is no need to be bitter about your own choices based on what others noticed, your inability to take responsibility, and the expressions of unhappy people. Drunkenness is also a natural human instinct. There are specialized national roads, but it's average. Be proud!
I’m more Hyunwoo than Sohyang, Son Seungyeon more than Hyunwoo
Zen franchise management is also great... The Hong Kong restaurant is really young~~~~
What is it?
You're gaining weight because you don't exercise.
I'm already turning 30... ㅠㅠ There aren't really any kids among my friends who are like that.. haha
Even though you haven't done anything wrong, cursing and hurting people... it all comes back to you. Use your mambo wisely.
It's also fun to see the celebrities' nephews^^ It's nice to see the stars' families haha. It was a refreshing broadcast^^
The real Yeonmi is showing her face! Moreover, I heard that there was one child with a good face, and they took really good care of it. Please be active!!!
Kian 84 What is this person?
Is it really fun these days? It's funny because the damn scholars are pointing things out.. Pretty young people doing dirty lipstick and sexy dances.. Celebrities who got into trouble talk about their experiences. It's an old broadcast..
A shaman mother and her daughter could not have predicted in advance that they would get into a car accident.
Honestly, I wish it would fall out.
Starting with you, all four are getting ready!! Stop the malicious comments
A win is a win, but not all clubs do that.
I felt that the cool person was just like actor Kim Nam-jooㅠㅠ From now on, please get in front of fans with fairer and more transparent acting!!
I'm so happy haha
Capture of malicious comments completed
Are you arguing with me? Run?
Even if it's acting, it's really a huge trauma from my husband's perspective...
What do you rub, two legs or three legs? Isn't it nice to have a human experience? I don't know if it's wrong to lie and say it wasn't there, but...he's married, so it's funny...
witch hunt in moderation
Moon Jae-ang bites. What are you trying to cover up? It's all about Moon Jae-ang. Violent demolition of the Republican Party's Gwanghwamun tent, pretend spy ship, exchange of military information with North Korea, and a shot at breaking up the ROK-US alliance.
Just read the interview from the newlyweds. You will know very well that Goo Hye-sun is an honest person and Ahn Jae-hyun is a person who speaks poorly.
Is it a special feature?
Haha, I feel sorry for Kiso-do, but I feel sorry for Seo-in Yoon.
I'll do it when I die... Acting is also a profession, so let's not blame it on taking a break...
Girls' Generation member? It has more presence and looks better now than when it was there! Actress Choi Soo-young, let’s go!
Are you sure you are not responsible for theft? Pip, who has disappointed the entire nation, is voting against MBC for insisting on broadcasting dramas?
Are you not using your neck straight??
Become a bitch and get sick
Looking at the comments, there are a lot of ugly people. Seeing others living happily makes my stomach hurt;; Congratulations to Mr. Seong-eun. Please see the pretty photos often! Good luck to you Lucy ^^
Who wants it?? Is there a circle wave?
From the perspective of the person who saw it, Kira was thrown away.
Actually, Yang Dong-geun's skills aren't even that high... But it looks like he won the offensive gate with the amount of stage work he's accumulated with Miji... Is Kim Kim a good singer?
Is it a level of sexual harassment?
It was so much fun. Kang Moon-young's chatting. Kim Gwang-gyu's chatting. Choi Seong-guk's DM.
Flowers walk along the flower path
It looks so fat, so run..
I said the right things for a long time haha. As I read this book, the wind is hitting me hard.
Jang Soo-gil is a really fun show and it's not just about the cast~
I wonder if my head feels empty.. .
Looks better than Hanseul
Honestly, where is the most awesome ninja drama? I'm whining because I enjoyed it and didn't watch it.
Comment window is embarrassing. What is real?
~ Oh my, I’m acting cute and it tickles the back of my neck the whole time I watch it haha.
Let's do our best, Kim Sook. Yuge was a dog woman who had a good debut ㅠㅠ May the deceased rest in peace.
It's nice to see them dating, but I hope we see that even single-member couples can go on for a long time.
Shin Min’s real name is Yang Min, right?
Even if you find the right chemotherapy for blood cancer, the recurrence rate is high and the survival rate is slim because it is malignant.
I feel better after losing weight haha.
I thought FM Grand March was only for KBS singers...
Make sure the kids have earned their money by revealing it to the public, and conduct a special investigation to see if the prosecution is out of the loop! My Yang Jeong-won is also gone.
sidebari and home
It's similar, but it's so fun that I'm not even interested in it lol. It's Saturday!!
Daniel Choi's face is more attractive without glasses. Overall, a very heartwarming visual haha.
After Lim Seong-han's retirement, Kim Soon-ok is the top of the list... The door behind her is threatening, but there is no fun that can match Kim Soon-ok.
The sun doesn't even know you guys are there lol.
Yoo Jae-seok, Park Myung-soo, Kang Ho-dong, Seo Jang-hoon, Soo-geun, and Eun Ji-won should do Martial Arts 2 with 6 people. It's the best combination
It's so attractive
Cheap rope
But honestly, there are probably a lot of people who want to receive Kim Jung-hoon’s genius inheritance.
May the deceased rest in peace. He was a good person.
He stuck to the government and pushed his colleagues aside and was struggling to live alone, but when the government changed and he returned to the top, he was at a disadvantage and said nonsense. Rather than saying nonsense, he was of course the best unspeaker. Fighting!
Back and forth
Even if you diet, you can't improve your head size....
Haha, you can just film Han Yeon-saeng from Wisple. What kind of bullshit is that? haha.
I've been enjoying it a lot recently, and it was nice to be able to watch it on TV with a nice view.
Nam Tae-hyun's personality is rude, he doesn't know how to respect adults, plays with the field, and loses everything that's good about YG.
The frills are pretty
Are you saying that I'm the one taking pictures... Does it matter if I take pictures?? Lee, the grand prize winner, won the excellence prize.. It's a hard life in this world...
Jeon Hyun-moo is a mess so you know.
Honestly, there are also Shincheonji abilities. Haha.
Let’s just live quietly haha, I’m curious.
Get rid of it. It's hard to match the rhythm of the ash.
Korean people make a fuss over weed. It’s a backward country.
But there was no visual for Teen, even if I wanted to push it, there was no chance.. It was all normal. Run Miss 1 would be a successful Serbadol textbook.
Current situation??Bokotda!!
If you look at it, it looks pretty, right???
Suit hahahahaha Jung Jun-ho’s answer hahahaha
A person you don't want to see. Top secret crush
Suzy looks only half like Seolhyun, testimony...
M I’m ugly.
It's a day when I'm craving clam stew.
I can't do it with all my might. Are you selling it to your mom? Is the lot also a car??
The bitch who came in thinking she was Han Hye-jin just by looking at her neckㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I don’t recommend solo births, but I miss Hye-jin.
He's a pretty girl, but he's also not in a normal state of mind. He was surprised by the unsexy nipples. It would have seemed more intelligent if he had said it was a boob... Thank you, I don't feel like it's anything other than indulgence.
You’re marrying the promoted face, Run!
The cut is like a knife. I heard you cut your losses quickly. Other people tend to not be able to stop their losses, but for others, their loss is lightning fast. Even Shu isn't directly married.
Ock Joo-hyun, the top musical artist
Fucking Hyejin!!!! Did you call Hyejin that? I won’t be watching the affair drama next week.
You can go~~~If you couldn't, you wouldn't be able to leave the country~~You're worried about everything.
People who pretended to be cool and said, “I don’t care about other people.” They are writing malicious comments to Gangnam haha. These guys are like that.
ㅋ Jeon Hyun-moo was working on it.... ㅋ I'm sorry.
What are the political circles trying to cover up with this absurd article on Monday? Please publish an article that can cause harm. I laughed.
It's okay, I can eat a sissing during my military service.
To be honest, if my lover puts on make-up and clothes, it would be okay.
It's hot, but they listen to me, so I raised them all, so they all look like angels. Foreigners like Shudol are pretty, and Yeong-ae, the daughter of the twins, is pretty, and Jeong-si's daughter is also pretty,,,,,
Uh~~~~~Uh. Waddle. While shaking the earth. It's coming.
There aren’t many cars~ We’re both in our 40s haha.
~~~How the hell did you work in the secret office of the public security office? You can use it as a movie subject in the future~'Secret public security office scandal'
It's cold, you're hot. What should I cover? I'm worried about celebrating..
Really??? I'm throwing up
I saw Woo Hyo-kwang take out the card when the viewership ratings dropped.
Honestly, if you look at Solji's singing, it looks like Hyunwoo will break his record;;
Dwarf Tongru Ahn Hee, MeToo parody Anya mustache all pulled out
If you acknowledge the differences between people, the people who judge you and say it's wrong are wrong because you're old, and the older generation curses at you because the younger generation can't handle it.
Even though I had shrinkage, it was very painful. I didn't even look at the post-treatment procedure.
Kim Gura’s re-evaluation
Season ~~~~~z
I was wondering if I should get plastic surgery... but I still have a lot of respect for it. The ice skater who has conquered the world for the last 10 years is a person who would disagree 10 million times even if someone were to criticize her appearance, but her boyfriend went to plastic surgery high school in Gangnam.
Parents who gave birth to children and then gave birth to daughters have no choice but to become fools~~^^;
Even if part-timers’ comments are real, are you going to leave such hateful comments?
Jang Dong-min doesn't watch the show. He crossed the line and it's not even funny.
I don't think he killed Jang Tae-joon, but they'll release him in Season 2, but we'll have to wait for November.
Run format.. so boring. No differentiation at all.
Jolie: Since we're in the same city, people won't be discriminated against, right? 2020 Songdo: Kambo, you go ahead and eat!
Haha 2018 is fun~~ In the mud~ haha
If you look at it in person, it looks like ice.
Please give Si Junsu a haircut.
Trust me, Joomju, are you crazy because you couldn’t send a normal person to Hwangcheon-gil?? I completely believe in nonsensical gossip novels. I want to believe it, but I do believe it. Make the world realistic ㅠㅠ Reality is a surprise.
It's always on the news about lovers, but I've never seen a show like "Do you want to buy a drama? Isn't that something that's done on broadcast? I'll come to my senses as a producer." lol
I thought Hwasa would live alone like Infinite Challenge haha ​​Hyun Moo-hyung and the late Han Hye-jin went well..
Can you talk to me?
He's handsome, so he'll do anything if he just rests... Korea is all about looks, so I'm glad... The concert commemorating his return was sold out successfully! For use in the ship
I'm imitating Markle Jackson... I heard you're writing about it.
What do you know when you're young? Let's just call it a day.
There’s no need for it, Kim Ji-won is really pretty.
What on earth is Moon Jae-ang trying to cover up?
He's really ugly... Even though he wears a lot of clothes and has a lot of money, he doesn't seem to be able to buy it with his face. The stomach is also good.
Go Hyun-jung (Special) After Misil, there is nothing to say...
Runda, I must have taken all my lovers, I just stayed at home, I was so scared that I couldn’t go around.
S&S is also a media outlet, but what's wrong with an influential and hot person on TV? Pretty and cute and versatile in food and fashion. For no reason, my husband's wealth or lying in front of the TV makes me intellectual ~ in the hospital.
, live life easily
To be honest, I buried the dead rice bell.
There is a thing called probability in time travel, but my mother-in-law doesn't bother me much. Like The Usual Suspects, I'm going to walk around and use the weapons of an elderly person with dementia.
If you try it, you're guaranteed a huge success! There was no voice as sorrowful as this. Highly recommended! Call me ttt~Bal
I'm here from the anti-middle-of-the-road committee. Shin Se-kyung, stay healthy.
It's so pitiful that the left-wing regime is so prosperous that they're driving senseless victims to death. It's so pitiful that they ended their lives. Those people who call themselves victims, come to their senses and wonder if they've really made people angry.
The first daughter inherited it.....
The more you listen, the better off you become. The face is old, greedy, and ugly. If you compare it to TVXQ members, do you think it's TVXQ? It's really money, but live well and age well.
It's bittersweet that speeding doesn't seem like a big deal... It's good news, but if you listen to your parents' thoughts, they say it's despair...
..Always losing to private inspections and blowing up the government audit...
I want to be in a relationship too
Plant... Baek Jong-won, bless you.
If you're my Choi Ji-woo husband... he's good many times on the first night~*
I heard HOT fans were so polarizing that they killed people.
