
If you look at it, there is nothing wrong with what the old-timers said. You can't have a partner and be in a relationship. Even if it's a shame, it's exquisite.
I went to social media to say I was jealous of ugly women and pretty women, and when I posted what I ate and people posted it, I cursed them. I just pray that you don’t live like this.
Even though your eyes are big, you are the one who is scared of floods and snow.
Yooyoung... there are a lot of men...
Young people are proud of their lack of sexual desire. Nellae is 50 years old, but he can't even touch a woman's butt...
You are a criminal, you are the criminal, you are a crazy person.
Love and war become a reality...
I didn't even get the map for today~ It's already unplayed!!! It's really amazing.....
Prosecution reform must be carried out
You feel guilty for shaving your face. You don't want to mess around with your boyfriend and show your face again. Even if you pretend to reflect on your guilt, you look like Jung Joon-young.
Save Wonjin ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
If you are kicked out, the main vocalist will disappear.
Has the fish cake controversy been resolved? I thought it was abolished
If you give birth in China, your baby will live with pride in the continent. China is a great country and the center of the world. If you vote for a progressive government, you can get rid of the smell and kill conservative prosecutors with one shot♥️
Meow
The baby is full. The viewer rating is at 0 points.
It was good for a quick weekend, but it wasn't worth the money.
Backpacker dead end
Kitchen ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Is this...? Was it an agreed-upon performance? Report? The woman acted so strangely that I really hate it haha.
Everyone who posts malicious comments should be sued.
Yonsei University undergraduate school - I think I miss my child - I think I'll come see Korea
It seems like a lot of celebrities are dying, especially President Burn... Disaster has struck.
You look so good, I want to try it on the toilet
Since I took a picture like this, I have nothing to show off other than my body.
You know that physiognomy is a science, right??
Honestly buy it!!!! There is someone who doesn't shake off the dust~ Cheer up!
He makes more money than doctor Cheolrang Bohwang haha.
How dare you threaten Song Hye-kyo? Man Shiki really decided to get married in order to increase his popularity.. Song Joong-ki is clever and cunning..
There have been so many accidents even though it has been free.
I enjoyed watching Mama Land 1. I like him because he's bright and cheerful, but I'm frustrated that I can't get enough of him..? People ask me if I'm a celebrity or a job when it comes to filming and broadcasting. They say it's Park Soo-jin's parents' job. People who talk nonsense .
Leave Yoo Jae-seok alone.
I'm jealous of each other, I'm jealous of them living hard in their own country and seeing each other well.
friend? Let's not have any troubles
There was also a blog… Here it is… I heard there were also comments on people’s blog posts… https://blog.naver.com/myungi7
Do you mean having an eye exam? Haha, if you are so proud, you can show me the medical certificate and talk about it haha.
The drama that failed because of the camellia flower ended without a word or rumor.
3 Meals It is a war indigenous to the pro-Tang party. I tried to kill myself like a shepherd-like bastard, but it's a war with secret agents.
Cha Hong and Miji are similar. It's cute hahahaha pretty ^^
She's a celebrity and she's an idiot, so even her husband doesn't like her.
Eat a dead anngan. It means Sangmun.
If your husband gets angry because of my argument, just do it and get out of it. He keeps saying it, so I'm only doing it because he gets angry.
These days, I like Yoon Seo better than the actor.
It was the father's fault.. The child should be criticized... It seems like he didn't do anything.
There is no will to investigate Chong-kyung Yoon and VIP. Only the Burning Moon Gate special prosecutor can tell the truth. Isn't the Moon Jae-Ang administration afraid of the investigation?
Body art....the end
●If you think about it, Hong Sang-soo and Kim Min-hee are really pretty lovers●
I'm going to tell you that Yang Jun is causing a fire in horizontal and vertical directions.
There are no entertainment shows to watch. I have to write about Jeon Hyun-moo. Every time I turn on the TV, the news is interesting.
I don't know if he held a press conference with confidence... he stayed still.
I lost the lottery...
I knew who Mr. Cheong was after reading the article.
Get rid of Yeo Dae-man. I have to return to medical school, pharmacy school, and law school.
Wendy, I bless you. I pray that the blood of Jesus covers your wounds, that your soul is well, that everything goes well and that you are strong.
Whenever I hear about Muzie Eun Ji-won, Kim Jong-min, Sangmin, Kim Hee-cheol, and Kim Chang-ryeol, I always change the channel.
But I didn't see the last time because I felt sorry for him.
Shin Hyun-jun, Coolke, Joo Young-hoon
I wonder what the content is...what they are trying to say...I don't know what the author's intention was!..~ㅠ
I think it's okay if you don't come.
I didn't know it was Junki..
75% female ratio, 37% in their 30s ㄷㄷ This is the answer to national marriage for talented Korean men. Target the woman you see.
I wonder if Kim Joo-hyuk and Jeon Mi-seon give me a good feeling, but I feel like they have a different outlook on people..
What is Kim Nam-gil dating at Kim Jung High School?
Please punish me severely~
Seojin, Hyori, Seunggi, Yoon, who did Seojun meet?
I had an expiration date overseas, so I took some spa pictures and sat down.
I can't break your habits. The fact that he is such a cheap person is a person who should have been kicked out of broadcasting forever. If you forget, he will come and cause an accident and cause trouble once or twice. Stop being unfavorable to the public and stop stressing the public.
Hyeseon malicious commenter? Ahn Jae-hyeon was kind to me.
The couple's house is unadorned and honest, so they didn't show off for broadcasting, so people are tearing it apart.
I can't even tell what the article is talking about. At that time, germ warfare... even if it was just a fantasy... was it a joke?
At first, I thought it was a Good Feelings drama, but is it turning into an opening scene drama with a cliché setting and a fight with a dog going to the mountains?...
Myeongbak's girl group has become a la manman and femme?
What can I do about Seungri’s speaking skills? Haha, he’s a charmer.
You have to go to the end to know... I think the victim (the person claiming to be) must feel good because there have been quite a few cases recently where things were overturned at the last minute.
Love~ Forget with love~~
Kim Soo-min is confirmed to be a trend haha, and the truth of eternity remains.
I understand, thank you
We're all so old. Bring me back sweetly.
ㅇㅏThe position was not abolished.
I don’t want to do Sechskies activities and I just want to make easy money through broadcasting haha. Fuck, I guess I’m rich.
When unfavorable information comes out, the government tries to turn its attention to celebrities.
I want to taste mine
It was the original repertoire, it was planned.
You're listening to this song when it's released, right?
My face is about to explode hahahaha. Who ruined 2NE1 with drugs? hahahaha
Please come see Phil, the person who drives Han Hyo-joo. I haven’t had a break until now, and I went to Inrang Muingo’s audition to film an American drama. Is this a joke?
Have sex with the person you are going to marry in the first place~~
Let’s make a comeback with YG’s comeback, Big Bang, and step on Bangtan!
They said they promised an apology and compensation for each surgery... Are you on the doctor's side? If the hospital promised an apology + compensation because they were so reckless, is it okay to publicly humiliate them?
Yoon Kye-sang is good... but Ji-won continues to be a mess... Let's play the right role. It's not like you're in your 20s.
Sounds like a dumbass~~A bad person who refuses to take responsibility!!!
I'm scared
...Nizi is a drug dealer.. It is polite for a legend to bring in a sports legend and a drug dealer.
I enjoy it because there are a lot of scary twists and turns. . Even if there are a lot of them, they are G. Roll. Even if there are none, they are G. Roll.
Man Ra Kim Jong-guk
My brother draws lanes. I want to go and draw lanes on the road. Did you do anything on the center line?
After a hit and run drunk driving accident, I dumped the car and ran away.
But you’re really pretty, Jung Yumi
Mom should feel guilty, right? Live confidently. Is your mom guilty?
Kim Geon-do's Korean seafood rice? Ugly Bird Manga Kimguk Kim Chang-hwan looks like a Dani best friend.
Thumbs up for Yeomjeong’s acting skills
Congratulations...! I liked U-KISS, it was my favorite, but now you're getting marriedㅠㅠ I'm happy
Ahn Jae-hyun, the public interest reporter, went to see the lawyer himself. I want to praise him for being calm. He said he will not file criminal charges, which seems to be his last consideration as a loved one. La is quiet.
Even if you have a good career and have talent, you can be active in the field... You're in your mid-20s and you're in the prime of your career.
Kwon Sang-woo is handsome, Kim Hee-won? He's an odd-looking guy, and he looks dirty. I heard even young people have the urge to kill.
visual?
I have become a complete grandmother ㅠㅠㅠ
Is it possible to get pregnant?
Is it only today that Moon Sin-Ang is plastered with articles about all kinds of celebrities, a dirty regime trying to cover up druking?
I have to work hard to not make any noise.
Gwangsu, Tira, Hwayoung, Hyoyoung are all the same... Only Dani was the victim.
You're pretty.
Kim Hee-sun‥She's very pretty and a good actress‥A great success
The best plastic surgery has been proven by Dart's Jeong Mi-ae~ Mi-ae has a pretty smile and is pretty in person. I always want it~^^
Girls' Generation Yuri
Cheer up, Sook-unni. ㅠㅠ I think I heard you say it was my youngest daughter. ㅠ May the deceased rest in peace.
They say you're not guilty...just wait!! Malicious commenter.
Beauty and humanity must coexist
She's so pretty and has such a lovely personality.
What do you do when you watch My Little Old Boy and then change the channel when Kim Geon comes?
Hurry up and come down the stairs...ㅠㅠㅠIt's sweet.
(Currently the hotel owner's feelings) 18 I was struck by lightning and looked like a hotel trash, but someone keeps getting scolded...
If you eat a hammock at age 11, you won't be fined 50 times the amount you ate, right? It's better if it's ruined
It was really bad. I was annoyed after watching a Korean-style new drama that did not have the bright and lovely atmosphere typical of the original work. LOL.
Song Hye-kyo should not only try to compete with Yoo Mi-mi, who can't be Kim Nam-joo, but try again with acting~ Only zen melodrama!!!
The law of the jungle is a fun and amazing program where celebrities go through hardships and experience how to survive in extreme situations, but it seems unfair to treat Ruchim like a high-ranking criminal. I hope Thailand shows mercy.
Do you only watch Running Man? 6 wins? fun?
It's like a fraudulent republic and it's ruined... I think it'll be ruined soon...
I'm glad Hyebin treated me well...
What are you doing? Don't take advantage of a woman with a good personality. She's a goddess, not a petulant bitch
Dirty, difficult, and difficult 3D,,, Most people live like 3D,,, lol.
Please also specify the attire. White clothes and no bra.
... The mountain is really cool. The speaker of the first song was a man who called himself a feminist based on incorrect information, but in fact had no respect for women... Rickeman, who only looked at the outside and went on a rampage... He ran away because he was embarrassed.
I went out of my mind to blatantly sing a plagiarized song on air lol.
I don't like being called Soni... because it's the original brand... Son Min became the best for no reason~ I want to follow his example!!
Who are you? Haha even a short role
I look at Park Min-young because she’s pretty. She’s good at acting, she’s pretty, and there’s nothing missing. How come she’s so pretty?
Maybe even a couple.
It seems like the legend is real. It's too much to be a legend
I think people who shoot their nose should go to a mental hospital.
Congratulations on escaping, Joong-ki, a 30-year-old woman has lost her sexual appeal as a woman.
If that's the case, you won't have to worry about getting pregnant anyway.
Feel Couple Dislike
Solka Kian 84 Studio Open Even though they were close to each other, Han Hye-jin's behavior was questionable. She has a boyfriend and is a close friend of hers, so she didn't feel like it was okay to go and laugh and have fun.
Is the Forte di Quattro a super car??
Don’t you film the pregnancy process??
Suim radish is simple and ignorant. No consideration for other people's feelings.
Every time I see an actor, I think of a mother... I feel sad every time I look at him.
The people did not forgive. I will wait for you to reflect and recharge sufficiently to see you with a good work.
An anti-India article??
Look back or not.
I’m embarrassed to hear that Musie’s current opening was announced. Abolish the fortune-telling. Mu Mu is coming and Mu is the king ㅠ I can't watch it these days because the difference in level from before is so insignificant.
I thought it was a cow lol
Park Hae-mi should be dealt with quietly instead of engaging in media play. Does beauty matter? Anyway, are you family?
Are you dating? LOL I wonder if that's an obvious lie. Anyway, the man's pregnancy attack was successful.
I want you to be cute and smart~~Gary..
There are a lot of crooked people, whether it's a show or something, I like Byung-heon and Min-jeong. He's someone you can't easily see in entertainment shows... As I write this, I realize that all the people who dislike Byung-hun have feelings for the woman Min-jeong...
All the comments (malicious comments)..... Blame the comments on the entertainment industry public opinion mall. Krystal is probably rare, but looking at Yu's article, there are a lot of good comments, right?
Are you uncomfortable?
I feel like I screwed up..lol
But does a 5 year old still use a milk car?? I heard that the child was born in early 2015.. At the age of 5, he would not have been able to take a train ride.
Push it with Jang Seung-jo...
What about Kim Kiri? Dating separately, marriage separately
Starting to indulge? Did you break up with your boyfriend?
Gin Zico is so unique.
Girls' Generation is out of fashion, and since they are not a complete unit, even if they have many albums, they probably won't sell even 30,000 copies... SM, please make EXO come back quickly.
I've never been so positive about Yonsei's life.
The woman was so crazy that she just walked away even though her clothes were all taken off. It was amazing.
Kang Han hasn’t posted any good articles..
Are you a mom with a lot of kids? I'm currently pregnant with my fifth child. I'm a big mom. Just laugh.
Please ask Yoo Si-min to come up with sophistry.
Cheer up~ I want it!!
Oh Dal-su and Jo Jae-hyun are popular, so let's give it to them~ Movies without Dal-su Dal-su are not fun~
It's like changing Lamer's viewership ratings.
All members who have been promoted to the top will be revealed... and please reorganize.
I guess they saw Takhoon as a trustworthy and attractive person.
Nose type
I don't think it would suit my hair.. I think it would suit a short cut or a straight haircut.
Do you understand the fear of the Communist Party?! It's the size of China, but what about North Korea? Know that the United States would have been in a bad place if it weren't for Park Chung-hee!!
Life will be enjoyable if you live like this. Good ability and pretty face.
I like the sensitive and charismatic atmosphere.
And.. So Yu-jin. It seems like John is a servant. I don’t want to look at him, so I just touch him.. I’m not curious about John.. I just put my feet up..
axis. Gong Hyo-jin is a god of acting.
I'm living a good life, but I'm happy to live in a distant house.
Everyone is from a local area, right?
Yangdong duty station was great~~
Are you trying to put a straw in the chakan gwangsu? Like Yang Sang-guk's ex-girlfriend....
Unheard of. no fun
The person who stood by is a murderer. He couldn't leave behind a lot of malicious comments. If he dances after the increase, it's all... I feel guilty.
It's too bad that the kid was chosen... Yeonsaeng, who was eliminated in the controversy over the main cast, is more popular... From now on, he will be chosen.
What is Jo In-seong doing when he’s not in the military?
I understand, I'm not interested.
Retired actor Jeong Ji-hoon and Kim Tae-hee, the original acting reporter who was tired of being overhyped, are Jumma.
Do you think it will come in 2020, Youngbae hahahahahahaha
She's not sexy because she's skinny. A girl like Hwasa is dirty.
The entertainment industry is a go-stop that fixes everything. They all say it’s good haha
Well... they said he was a choreographer even though he was holding a press conference... but they said he didn't have to do it, so he said it was hard to pay attention to people... I don't know what he believed... he was a cheap actor...
I don't like dogs and eat Bosintang. Do dog owners feel like a murderer when they eat Bosintang?
Yukjungwan is also over.
I also want to lose 9 kg in a month...
Jiyeon has to go solo. I don't have much ability. If I come across a good song, I will explode.
Park Seong-jun, the child of adultery, shocking polarity... It gets even more interesting...
Thank you, Mr. Pope, who is really cool.
Even if he's short and ugly, as long as he's a celebrity, he'll be followed around by young, pretty women. It's not like business.
What do human feet do?
It's a pretty pair that matches really well. I feel better and more blessed. Congratulations.
Is it really true that the writing staff is not getting viewership ratings? Are the ratings going to go up just because they use MC? You were the MC in the first place, so if that was the case, you should have kicked out Park Myung-soo and the kid.
Reporter, Seongjae??? It’s Yuk.
As long as we are good to each other, it's okay to leave hateful comments!! Congratulations, be happy
Jin lives in New York, and I hope Kim Min-seo lives happily in the U.S. too.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, come home
In the first picture, keep walking like this. Don't come and go for the rest of your life. Keep walking and fall into the sea.
It was a missionary doll, but it seems correct that it was dual-wielded with eyelids.
Moon Jae-in's hard drama
This is a universal perception of Jeolla-do.
Seedless watermelon... a field that cannot grow crops
Musma doesn't look good
Woman = Just runs to get money. Man Kang Ji-hwan = Just wants to try it once and ends up running.
For women, it ends when they turn 25. Are girl groups under 25?
To be honest, Moon Hee-jun and So-yul don’t suit each other.
It's all clear and there's nothing wrong with it. Is it unfair for you to be cheated on? All the gossiping bitches in the world live straight.
Let's fight together
I... look at it. I am cautiously anticipating whether the next sponsorship will fail.
Mongolian government? Are you getting married to a guy who has a wife?
Han Hye-jin, I can’t do anything, I hate your voice~ Just do it at Del~~ㅠㅠHee, show me well~~~ㅠㅠ
Henry is so cute and pure ㅠㅠ
If you don't have anything to do, why not get a job as a bj?
Even if you see that everyone has gained weight, if you lose weight, you will be as pretty as everyone else, and you are a boar bitch who eats seasoned chicken in the morning and sucks the spices off your fingers haha.
Kim Jong-kook is getting more and more boring
That's why Bangtan has to go to the military.
Since the dog and pig are acquitted, they change their attitude. They say we have to wait until the results come back.
I hope that Junhee grows up to be as strong and bright as Heon has been so far. I will always want you~~
Jo Jae-hyun is the udon dinner bitch who insists on being trash because he thinks it's true.
The person who gave me a message saying that I should only use it for my girlfriend when I signed up for a fan sign, and gave me a ‘kkkk’ look without even answering my question on a post-it note.
This guy is not a crab ㅠㅠ
503 Hwang-ro, a talkative place, where Cha Hospital used to walk
Reporter, please watch it because you're so hooked. Haha. I was really curious about it, but I thought it wouldn't be re-aired...lol.
It's so funny hahahaha
business group
Is Gong Hyo-jin being criticized? I'm really worried about the female grouse. Gong Hyo-jin's whole video is uploaded without permission.
~I'm in my fifties, but every now and then, old memories come to mind and I feel ashamed. ~I wonder if Actor Gong feels this way too~
What about uterine and vaginal bleeding? Did you stick your fist in your genitals? Haha, the bruises are like that and the person who got hit really is bruised haha.
These days, the little guy fights like a man and a woman, and it looks like he's going to get married with a Korean. Just don't criticize Korean men and Korean women. Haha.
Sunwoo is a success and Hye is Reum, but they keep saying Woohye Woohye... ㅜㅜ
In reality, not everyone is famous, so their income is unstable... It seems like they just broke up because they wanted to break up.
People are causing news, but legal action is taken. I can't say anything even if an article is published.
Reporter Jeong Yu-jin, Yeosijjukbbang Womad. SPOTV officials, please pay close attention.
In 2001, when my older sister was successful, I was a trainee who quietly stood in the cafeteria at Dong Girls' High School until her name was filled. - One year my junior.
Just make an advertisement for the mating pro.
Finish it cleanly...what are you doing so dirty~ I'll be fine when I grow up and know the content~~
Kim Tae-hee also has no eyes for men! Marrying Si-eon-geuk!
It's quite a disgusting castle - enjoy it ^^
My idol jk music and life as a righteous person, perhaps because he is a child, there is something familiar about him. . . I learned a lot about life!
Isn't the Super Bee already full?
What are you going to do with your one eye? I have a lot of money, so I'll get you plastic surgery. No worries.
I didn't do anything wrong, but I feel like I did something wrong.
I want to suck your feet. I'm so happy.
Myung-hoon Chun, I ask for your parting. Mr. Go Jae-geun, I ask for your parting as well. I hope you both have good results. You will do well~^^
I would have seen it if the female lead was Kim Nam-joo.
I think it would suit Gyuhan well haha.
What, Wendy got hurt? Well, I guess I have to go visit the hospital.
There is no need for paperwork anyway ~ You two can live happily ever after ~ Please know that there are many people who want it!
I'm sorry for posting malicious comments because I'm a Kimska fan... Anyway, the truth is, no one knows the relationship between a man and a woman except you. These days, it seems like there's a lot of articles coming up that encourage malicious comments, but I actually like you. Cheer up.
Park Han-byeol, thank you for your hard work and responsibility... You were good at expressing calm sadness, but what about your acting skills?
I want to see Sunye doing well on TV.
Quit smoking
Honestly, I don’t like Hyun Bin. What is cool? He seems like a bunch of pretense, but he’s very out of form. Jo In-seong and So Ji-sub
He’s a pretty guy!! But do I have to live with him just because I’m pregnant? Even if one person wants it, the other person may not like it, so it is right to take responsibility, but since she enjoyed it and got pregnant, it seems absurd to ask her to take responsibility unconditionally. What if she had promised to get married?
I'm a prisoner who is trying to avoid going to the military.
You're pretty with bangs...
Yu~~~~Be pretty!^^ Grow up brightly and clearly~♥
Currently, Mr. Hoon, the richest man in the LA music industry, also pays taxes regularly^^
He's an actor, but he's Chinese, and he's only showing off his married habits. It's disgusting to me.
They are all right-wingers.. They play the Taegeukgi and it’s the same, the axis of evil.
I'm 45 years old, and I'm a big nose fan, so I sleep well, but my brother and I are only 2 years older than him?? Is this true?? ㅡㅡ
Well, actually, if you broadcast it, you don’t have to narrow it down to a small alley commercial area, right? The people who eat for 9,000 won are people from all over the country.
It's like buying a big couple ring and then making a face because you lost it.
Are you kidding me?
A bastard eating with a mask on..
President Moon Jae-in, isn't he sitting around watching the G20 summit? Ugh tsk tsk
The facial expression and behavior make the viewer uncomfortable. If you’re going to be uncomfortable, then come here~??
Yongjin’s name was announced.. It’s my first time here and I even searched for it.
I was shocked when I saw the photo! I thought it was a pro
Jongseok is prettier... Is he filming a romance with an actor who is like his nephew?
Are you following Son Ye-jin??? Content: I'm going to make it now and non-numbers
Since it is a relationship from both sides, it seems like a good thing to talk about from the agency's perspective. Anyway, let's put aside our greed and hope that things will be resolved amicably.
Did you get hit for admitting your relationship on social media????
Cheetah Lab Mumot
No dry blood on the head. I'm having fun. What is Yukga?
The person who apologized to the public in tears after getting caught saying he lost weight through liposuction and dieting has become a world of concept.
Moon Jae-ang Moon is going crazy. Impeachment seems to be the only answer
The complainant tied the debtor's hands and feet by filing a complaint, even though the amount was sufficiently recoverable = The fact that he was wrong was in fact a public exemption.
There are many families, so it must be the family of ‘Ahn Jae-Hyeon’ ^^
Don't you have too many breasts?
Let’s leave out the nyan
I wonder if she gave birth~~ Mido’s body is also amazing~ She’s pretty.
A hot-tempered old man
I love Bokgil too
Does it make sense to give a reward to someone who is dead?
He is a professional who does not watch games.
Kim Hee-sun continues acting
Shin Hye-sun too~!!
I think he's a great actor and he's really good at acting. I hope he's always healthy ^^
Dating Ramen Japing
You can sit in an empty seat, so what's the point?? The person who is in charge of the owner and is causing controversy over the lunge is even more pathetic.
If you eat that much, eating out will be extreme. When I'm in the middle of eating, I'm going to go to the buffet to get something to eat.
I really congratulate you. It's not easy to get pregnant successfully, but I always help you.
Jjangkola is rasam?
Woman, you're crazy. Do you hate it when your husband cooks dinner so much?
Was your hair pulled harshly? What are you running for? Perverted hair touching in a sexual harassment manner? Well, since there is no video, I can tell what is wrong.
Garbage...similar to the left...
friend? I am a close friend, especially Hyejin Han.
A sweet and pretty couple^^
I feel it every time I look at her, no matter where I go, Han Hye-jin is always next to Jeon Hyun-moo haha.
The standard for evaluating women's dramas... is that the focus is on whether the male lead is good-looking or not, as he oozes raw urine.
Jang Yoon-jeong had a good marriage.. singer singer
If you lose weight, how can you look older?
Anyway, I'm glad it was resolved well~~ This is Younghee Kim~~ If there is something wrong, of course you should be reprimanded and go in the right direction. I hope you don't get hurt emotionally~~
If you do something wrong, you should be punished.. Getting beaten is how you become a human being.
Occupied items have been added.
I'm jealous of young people going on trips.
Does it matter whether a man gets plastic surgery or not? Take care of yourself. You don't pay the actor's living expenses directly, you don't have a family, and there's no one you will be responsible for for the rest of your life. Tsk tsk.
Hahaha, you can be a dog man. This year was the funniest among dogs.
I hope the judge searches after the drunk driving car.
It's so funny
There are so many part-time jobs.... The acting facial expressions are all the same. When you laugh, it's the same. When you cry, it's the same. When you're surprised, it's the same...ㅠ.ㅠ
I'm 23 years old this year, and I've been looking forward to getting married. Finally, the opportunity has come.
A woman's charm comes from her long legs, slim buttocks, and big breasts. Hyori is easy to look at in many ways other than her face.
I'm so envious haha. I have a young wife, 4 children, and a lot of money. It seems like a life with nothing to be envious of. Good luck to you.
He has the personality to say that if he doesn't score a shot, it's not because of his skills, but because he gave it up to his teammates. It doesn't even look like a radish, it looks embarrassing.
You will be punished. If you are a male victim, please report it. Don't feel sorry. Get punished. I am with a woman. After watching the video, I feel like I would have gotten a woman like you. I am with a woman, so I will be punished.
Jung Joon-young and Rokim turn into dust and disappear haha.
You're leaving hateful comments lol
Geojikdo Grandpa’s three-meal beef bone series
It seems clear that Song Hye-kyo has some culpability, but I wish she would at least consider being an actress...
HOT It is clearly revealed that the claws are worse than they are. Ravel is a mess, these guys are a ragtag bunch, Sechskies.. six poop flies.
!!! Is Seolhyun such a great woman that she wants to sue a malicious commenter?
I thought Jeong In-seon was in his mid to late 30s, born in 1991..... Are you born in 1981?
Oh Chang-seok is handsome and his acting is good, but...ㅠThe defendant should have been more angry.
Is it really so bad that you got married and had a baby? I can't congratulate you, but it's really bad to see people leaving hateful comments.
Miss Young-ae, who is a complete idiot, is a true replica!
Cause of death is a disaster
A good kid? A common conversation between a man and a woman? Is this sexual entertainment?
Girl crush, don't give up on anything else, 82kg Jiyoung is the only one that's good, but when it comes to celebrities, Mas is the only one.
It’s good, in moderation
I heard it was fun so I watched up to episode 11, but I didn't find it fun,,,ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ,,,
From now on, make sure Hongeomu is not allowed to attend the awards ceremony. A group of non-hit songs that combined 2.3 songs and won the music awards. The personality was not good, so there was no controversy.
Baek Jong-won... Baek Jong-won... Baekjeong...
I guess I'm from a long time ago..ㅠAs someone who gave birth,,I feel like I want to go and cover the pregnant woman's exposed belly...A belly with energy should be warm,,
Yoo Jae-seok's comments were really great.
Hyebin, cheer up!
I mentioned glass.
Don't pass over what's mine
Park Rae Moo is coming. Just change the channel and Park Rae is really boring.
Who is Yuri? There are one or two Yuri...
I took the picture with Snow, but I heard there is no need for correction.
It was a drama worth watching, but thank you to the actors who worked hard in the end^^
When you curse, your personality is bad too.
Has Kim Se-jeong really changed?
I don't think it'll be fun if you don't come.
Anyway, I’m jealous!
Feminism = mental illness, I feel it once
I'm laughing. I played the role of Talo wearing a wig.
It's still funny.... It would be okay if I just dealt with it. It is a lifesaver, but it is infinite.
Even Moon Jae-in’s ㄱH is not as good as ㅉㅉ
I've been waiting. I hope you don't get hurt and stay strong and do well while maintaining a happy family.
If the female lead comes dressed up, the male lead comes looking handsome.
I'm excited
It's a leftist movie, it's time to incite dogs and pigs.
Just like U-Know Yunho, I really hate people.
It's okay to be a nuisance at least to some extent. It's ridiculous to swear at Riova's fashion show.
Jongseok's group also had their heads cut off.
Better than a pig-like jumma haha
I’m really looking forward to it!! Parting!!!
I'm still jealous of him as a man... he's always popular because he's handsome.
Just abolish it. Infinite Challenge is boring these days.
Are all Block B kids like brushing their teeth?
It's like his face has changed. I'm attracted to him because he looks like he doesn't have the 4 old faces.
Haha, the bride is next to me, so I don't know. I wonder if she's embarrassed. I don't think she should see my mother-in-law.. 48 I think she'll say it again, marry me.. haha.
Did tvN really get caught? It’s pitiful..
Hyun Bin and Kim Joo Won are good, I've never liked them, but when I eat them, they become deeper and cooler... Acting, visuals, voice... There's nothing like that for actors in their 20s these days.
All you have to do is repay with music~ Fighting! As long as the music is good, I want it! As long as Yoo Seung-jun says that he likes music, are they married? Haha it's been a year
So who is it?
I'm also interested in learning who knows!
You avoided elimination in number 3. Don’t play tricks! It’s noticeable!
It would have been better if I hadn't set the nose limit... ㅠㅠ
Miho's acting was really good.
Jeon Hyun-moo can't handle it... Mu's personality can't handle it.
It lasted quite a long time though
Did you do it?
I'm watching the first episode of Baekho. Thank you to all the cast members for their hard work. I'm glad that the person filming has returned safely. I am looking forward to seeing the members working hard. I will tune in next week as well ^^
The social media service was also terrible, but I asked for something because I was coming solo.
Woobin, I hate you.. What are you doing with your pockets?
It's like a mixture of Yunseong and Yunso. You're a pretty love girl.
The Taste of Love Season 2 has ended, and whether Marriage will appear again, the 3rd season of Le Season, Oh Chang-seok's actor couple Yagi, is fun and anticipated, so I hope it airs in the final episode.
Even if you say you're not friendly, are you going to crush the guy who fell on the floor? Even if that's the case, what do you mean by things like he seemed like a crazy person when he slept with a woman, and he came to the filming set while drinking to the point of spitting on his lips? It seems like a tattletale and unmanly.
Acting in a historical drama was awkward. When I meet Byung-hun, I feel overwhelmed.
I feel sorry for Kim Byung-man.
But are you going to line up real swords like this? There were over 2,900 people through the nose lol. The record for the highest number of confirmed cases is being cleaned up.
I guess I can't help it because it's at the same level... I usually eat a lot of delicious food while eating eel. You can order whatever you want today. Just make sure you don't get criticized.
Are you going as a guest with the hyaline ligament?
The woman who followed me and drank also had a problem.. go home. Same life
It's not a movie worth 10 million copies, but the timing was right and I received a popular webtoon buff.
I wish we could just look at each other~ Because there is Kim So-yeon in front of me and Sang-woo in front of me.
But is he really a man??? Creepy...
Pay back! Ddol! Runny, I'm going to live with this scam!
I'm a sexually harassing woman and I'm coming up here?
It's all vulgar
Jaehyun Ahn, only a man from a wealthy family married a lot of women. As for his age, being a mother is enough. If he gets married to a lot of women, he'll be a dick.
Song Hye-kyo was close to me~~~~~~ Chatting
Young people enjoying sucking and rejuvenation
The first person I see.
It's less fun than 1. I almost came to see it.
Yunkyung Kim’s face looks really awkward. Too much plastic surgery. Yoo Dong-geun's face was removed by ironing.
Admit it. Kim Guk was bad.
Look at the girl's comment. Who's talking? This bullshit is for girls. Is it a female trait?
Honestly, we have to change everything except Kimra, it’s not fun.
Yoon Seo-in didn't care and boldly stated the concept.
In the future, we will abolish all police and all building owners will be punished 100% for illegal activities. Reporter Cho Sun-bo, isn’t there anything illegal about white newspapers? You got rid of it!
I support you Jaehyun Jo. I hope you win the case by digging into the false accusations until the end. -- I don't want to see a poor bastard's trial for the people. Fighting Jaehyun Jo, justice will win.
Dongdae JTBC also has Begin Again 2 haha.
Seriously, it's funny...it's childish.
Please rest in peace.
I hope it fails as big as it is
Hahaha, it means that they tried to ruin people's lives just for fun... hahaha. Since the law is over with a separate fine, they just do it for fun.... I will ruin the life of the person who tried to ruin someone else's life....
The thumb that makes a promise goes up, not the thumb that goes down. Does the thumb that makes a promise go down? If you're a public figure, you should have been more careful. I think it's something that could raise suspicions as if it's revealing your usual behavior.
Seven, you did well to avoid getting caught. Haha, they’re all noobs.
If you break up while dating, you can quickly get married and break up, so you can appear on the show^^~
Well, web dramas and crime scenes do good entertainment, so it's good.
Rush? A person suffering from cancer whose life or death is unknown is trying hard to live, but he passed away in vain. May he rest in peace.
You're telling your brother that you got your nose pierced.
The current government seems to be worse than Park Geun-hye. It's covered up. Celebrity articles... Promote the media appropriately. It's a dirty government.
couple radish good sweet moon
I'm 24 years old, but I'm drunk and lively. It's like I was a high school student too.
You had sex because you both liked it, but only one side got criticized for not using birth control? Women and men should be careful when they have sex because they like it, haha.
I don't know your name, I don't know your face, you pretend to be part of the Korean Wave with your own mental victory. Let's put Moon Jae-in on the verge of impeachment. You even engage in backroom deals. You call it the Korean Wave, and you make speeches in English in English. You continue to make trashy, incendiary comments. It's up to you to be impeached and deceived.
Hmm... I guess it was a time of great upheaval... I remember the song well...
20 years difference?? Tsk tsk
Hakpa Actor means Run Actor.
Dot TV’s handmade tomboy class~
I'm a rapper who is popular with people. I don't live extravagantly and I don't play dirty~ I think I went to the set zone because I wanted to show off. Don't be fooled. It's empty.
It was great scoop news.
You can't even post something on Instagram, so you have to keep your enthusiasm at a certain level. Everyone who posts negative comments looks dull and pitiful. A pretty, handsome, and smart man and woman will be married and will be great until the age of 2. I'm doing this because I'm jealous, so don't worry about the negative comments and have a safe delivery.
I feel sorry for Yewon ㅠㅠ
Disaster is coming. It's jealousy.
I will never go over 180 since last month.
Shin Da-eun is a gwanjongki and hates gags. That’s how we live. Hats off to gags.
The setting is so cool, the scene overlaps with the Hyeong-cheol couple and they eat together while wearing suits.
Yuri unnie...isn’t it ugly to eat something? ㅠㅠ
I sleep a lot because I have a baby, so I just need to eat well.
Kavi... If there was a club in Gangnam, I would have been a driver.
Song Jong-guk is cheating on Song Jong-guk because his wife is ugly. I like Song Jong-guk because he likes pretty women. I also like him because he has a pretty daughter‼️‼️
Since it’s BTS, does that mean it can be used as bulletproof in war? Let's send the army!!!
Ahn Jae-hyun, let’s go!! Bodra... watching the newlyweds... you did well, Hongo, may you walk on the flower path~
Today’s one was so fun haha.
I don't know who it is, but you're in your 40s or 50s. Please reflect on yourself for hitting your face with a glow stick.
Are there any fans of Jikdo?
It's easy. He doesn't look like Ahn Jung-hwan...Phil OOO, he's a leper..I'll never get married to Jeolassangdo. I'll even check their birth history.
The ending I expected...
What evidence is there that playing golf contributed to my husband's case? Is Park Han-byul being criticized?
It's okay if you gain weight just enough that you don't feel fat after writing it for a long time.
It seems like the attention is getting more toxic. If I keep posting, people will be interested, so I think they keep doing it, but if the article is a real journalist,
They need to be exposed and make a name for themselves in the industry. They should be made to pay for making fun of their mouths for fun.
Hongyun looks cuter without the arrows
Yoo Si-chun + Yoo Si-chun + Drug Smuggling Yoo Si-chun = Trust and filter.
Height.. 155. Weight.. 43.. Is that okay?
Uh~~ Ugh~~~ Hye-sun’s SNS only
One week, Jeon Hyun-moo comes, and next week, Han Hye-jin comes. Anyway, Pro-Ram Concept Jo Woo is on the scene, so why?
Seonggwang was successful. Are you now commenting on this? Since my mother’s house is away, I hope you will take care of your misogyny!!
You are a consumer who pays to eat, and you have bought the right to criticize and criticize food. Don't land on your feet.
You're capable, I envy you
Please ignore words like ㅆㄹㄱ^~~^ Femme fatale Lassie^~^♡♡
The game is really fun to comment on while making stupid questions lol.
Who will Daehwi teach?? Even though they are at the level of EXO and BTS
The special broadcast is very good. It's not that easy to finish.
Kim Jong-un licks poop, lights a candle for three meals, and is disappointed after driving out Park Geun-hye. . . . Moon Jae-Ang's left-handed laundry, Kim Jong-un's toilet, and Kim Jong-un's left-handed laundry are also disappointing.
I hate everything~~~ Wind~~~~~~~~Wind~~~Wind~~~~
Good luck with Sangyoon’s acting~ I hope you are doing well!
I have to admit honestly, I love Han Hyo-joo.
It's good, the radish suits you well. It would be nice if we actually started dating.
What is your signature?
What is the member's crime?
Horn twice. ㄴ is also strong
I wonder if there are a lot of replies saying that they don't care about Gapgi?
I'm not going to get married for a hundred percent haha
21C Shaman Love...
Honestly, Le is a person. So I won't dance. What? Because it's not sad.
Have you become a reporter? Is the number of views important?
They say they will educate them and send them out.. They may be inexperienced in direct viewing, but they have made it known through broadcasting and have developed further, so they will be reduced, but a lawsuit? Not really... seems more cautious than abusive.
If you're going to tell me not to do anything, then I'm asking you to be 19+. At the very least, you shouldn't let kids see that kind of thing.
Is it really necessary to send Runae to the military??
Even when I drink powdered milk, my heart hurts. I had to force myself to do it.
That's true, haha ​​Jeonradion lives in his own world, right?? You're a good leader haha
Sweet and Salty Office I liked Shin So-yul's version better. There was a lot of acting.
I was MC Mong!!!! I love it when I listen to Jikdo’s song!!!!
Ready was worse than Hyoeun?
If you are a mother-in-law who is good at cooking, your husband may be picky about his tastes. I ate a lot of good food when I was young, so there is no need for my wife to be jealous.
Is it a sign that you press dislike?
Let's open the cheap poop, Chiwoo. It was a mistake to open the petition and the agency cosplayed as the victim and posted the petition. After opening, I became self-employed. Because I'm not a cheap person, the karma I've done is coming back. I hope the truth is revealed.
Deteriorated tail of two plates. I also have a good affair ㅇㅈㅠㅠ
As expected, Trot is Jang Yoon-jeong
Check out Bobby too. Kush is a U.S. drug offender.
Who will cut the flower? haha
Is Jjanggae active in Korea?
Hyori, please refrain from drinking alcohol, beer, soju, or even light drinking on the broadcast. It doesn't look good. Even if you drink lightly occasionally, it's a broadcast, so I hope you don't watch it.
Hyun Bin, you're the one who got plastic surgery.
Jobo shines brighter with each passing day
Are men really obsessed with young women?
But Hyeon, uh, you’re not wearing underpants, right? The skirt is really fluttering, but I'm wearing underpants.
It's nice to have a strong professional spirit^^
They even ordered the program to be abolished. It's such a huge nuisance to the end.
Yang Hyun-suk becomes Lee and Park Jin-young's personality is being re-evaluated.
It was T-Joni. The singer was just a country girl. Let’s not be ungrateful.
I was hoping it was you. I hoped it wouldn't hit her that way... She was young, she was someone who worked hard to become a singer, and now it's like this...
Am I Songgain? Oh, by posting something like this, have I automatically become a Hongja fan? Nowadays, when I turn on TV, all I see is the Rado dialect!! Enjoy it to your heart’s content~ There’s not much left!!!ㅍㅎ
Ji Won is so easy~ If Ji Won appeared in the North Korean drama Hyun Bin Go, it would have been a huge success, but it's a shame. The role itself is Ji Won's role in the drama. Chocolate is....a calm impression....
I wanted the last broadcast to end. I wish you would read the good news about Sulli...
Let’s go to season 2 with all the members except the female detective.
Go away Yoo Seung-min, a traitor to the conservatives, a despicable bastard who enjoyed his political life thanks to President Park Geun-hye, but is behind his back.
I don't want to see it
Anyway, I'm curious about Inbyeol's brain condition these days. Are you sleeping well these days?
The filming of the CF drama Bird in Plaza de España was at its peak. Then she started to resemble the North Korean defector who had previously filmed a couple's entertainment show with Yang Jun-hyuk.
Look at Choi Jin-hyuk’s acting ㄷㄷㄷㄷ
So, take care of your facial expressions.
For a moment I thought it was GD ^^
The answer to popular people is to hug them
A real couple’s show window that’s not boring
Thank you Mr. Moon.
Haha, do you hate Sulli when you stare at her? Hahaha.
The guy who is getting married is going to contact his ex-girlfriend haha. It's easy for Galani.
Just keep your wits about you
Definitely a unique actor
I don't feel like singing
There's no news anymore, I'm sick of it, it's not even a star
But who is Sunbin? Is he a new actor?
I feel like a nephew...personal life
It's been a long time since the MBingsin channel was deleted. Choi Seung-ho needs to resign and deal with the deep-rooted corruption that has been going on. Moon Jae-in, who has been corrupting state affairs, is not really in the investigation of the people's support, and is a psychopath who eats frivolous words while making money that people don't like.
Are you out of money?
Why are you using such difficult terminology? It's just a premarital pregnancy, right? Is it even more confusing to read the dictionary to say that you got married because you were born?
Unpleasant lol No one who saw it said it was funny ㅡㅡ
When I took the picture with my panties off, it didn't look realistic.
I don't want to see you play
Other than Seo Eun-soo.....a drama with nothing to watch.....the level of Koreans who get upset after watching a psychological drama.....really.
Ti is trying so hard to win the year-end award. I'm so disappointed.
Celebrities don't have to give up on the Prime Minister after they get married. It's much better to live alone and have sex with Dell Lessing girls in their early 20s.
Let's blow up the spring wind for peace.
Oh Cho-hee, you did nothing wrong!!! Suzy was also witch-hunted by Han Nam-chung, right? If you're at the level of Hannamchung, just ignore me.
A woman's skirt, Munyamun, savage, ㅉㅉ
It could be a scam haha. Who wants to do that?? Giggles.
I thought it was brushy to see that it looked like a mulberry, but would you consider it cool? Haha, whether it's Janbi or Janjanbari, get the hell out of there.
It's better if he leaves, but if he leaves, it'll be like Soshi without Shika. As for Sika, the lead vocalist was you. Her voice was the best, so the song felt empty.
How could it be worse? It's not even an alien world.
Even if it is true, the child is not at fault. There is no guilt in Korea.
Han Hye-jin's episode is a lot of fun... It's really possible because it's Dell.
Released? You sound like a smart dog, but where are you going? You released me? If I give you money?
Noh Hong-cheol writes something and it rises somewhere else.
The Hong sisters are so funny. Just change the channel to see if there are any anti-clips. They're getting plastic surgery on half of their bodies these days. Hong Jinyoung's Jjajangmyeon~~ Totally lol.
Even if people look funny, it's oily resin... What is it? I've never made that expression while wearing Hwasa's clothes. It's light, light.
I'm quite envious of women who can't get married.
I think Jang Dong-yoon will do well.
Please make a drama like Empress Dowager again.
Jo Min-ki, like a man, gives education to a single woman. ^oh^
Hye-seon, I hate you. I would have apologized in advance, but I don't know who was being irresponsible. She was quiet and good-natured, but it seemed like she was completely pretentious. Seeing her do whatever she wants like that, it seems like she has a bad temper.
Ahn Jae-hyun really went through a lot of trouble because he got married wrong. The question is, I think the obsessive woman will write a book in the future, so should I avoid it? I think we need to firmly establish legal mechanisms.
I hate women...I'm marrying a nyangbanin...
Trudy is delicious~~am~~
In reality, my height is around 162 cm, but at 43 kg, I'm not skinny enough to worry about my health, and I'm pretty.
Even in other dramas, if there is harmony, it goes on and on. Round interviewer. I followed 90 media interviews. Of course. What are you going to do about spreading it in the media? As for the fandom of other actors, stop being jealous and spy on them and just go away.
I want senior Yoo Geon-!!A proud and nice actor Yoo Geon-!!!!
I pooped in my spit.
Reporter Kang Hyo-jin is subject to punishment under Article 12, Paragraph 1 of the Public Interest Reporter Protection Act for exposing his identity as a public interest reporter.
Are you going to worry so much? It's like 1 Night 2, and if Kang Ho-dong's high school meets its deadline, it's okay to film a skit...
It's okay because it's cheap
This article came from..... Swelling is inevitable after giving birth, but there is a plastic surgery theory ㅡㅡ
I was so excited to see it today. . . Jinyu is cool
Take down the actual inspection, you're manipulating a job.
I think it's best to throw it out and use it for one time.
Should I write about the writer's talent? They should be punished more severely.
Just give it a try and be done with it
I'm not interested in the breakup, and I'm not sure if Han Hye-jin will come. I'm curious to see Hwasa being so nice.
Please tell me it's you. Please tell me I fell into a trap. It's you, such a cute person.
Gwanggyu hyung is a fan of Seongguk hyung. Please tell me.
The visual is not good...what should I do...
I agree with what you are saying to a certain extent.. But Baek Jong-won has so many fans that he will probably get criticized a lot.. He is a person who speaks well, so I don’t think he will go so far as to say it, so cheer up~
Is this a real sword?
Go to your concert hall, people will explode. It sounds like a refund inquiry. I waited for a yearㅠ Here we go!!!!!!! Let’s explode in Busan today~~~~~~
If I want to protect my family, I need to learn how to cook and lose weight.
Didn’t Onew say he was retiring? club moon
Kim Gukㅡ1959-2018
Let's go to the evil happy ending
What would happen if a man was upset... He does it as a handsome and cool man.
Cheer up Hyeseon.
Shamelessly holding a funeral? LOL
1 year of entertainment haha ​​2 years....
Confessing Couple Season 2?
I feel like Tazza is a middle-aged woman. She's out of her mind.
I wanted to do it, so I went to Nankyung hahahahahaha
Kim Jong-kook, just fool around with Manny. Are you a celebrity?
ㅠ Please let me get married~~
Shall we just follow YG’s footsteps??? Haha, I did what YG did and gave it to you haha.
I wish everyone would be punished... The borrower and the borrower had bad intentions.
The approaching army is fucking noisy haha.
I sincerely wish I could just see it without being obnoxious.
If you have a part-time comment job, is this a tracking technique? It's not a case to defend it like this... It's true that it caused a lot of damage to people... Shouldn't we request an investigation into the comments?
Let's take Sakura, Ko, Hitomi, Miu, Miru, Lee, Sa and make their debut in Korea. He hits Zwon and gains Topdol-level popularity.
To be honest, it's true that they play together.. Jung Joon-young must have led the way to create this atmosphere haha. It's a relief video~
Is this a lie?
There won't be an actress as good as Choi Jin-sal for a hundred years... Her voice and facial expressions are the best of all time... These days, there are only Oh Yeon-seo and Jung Yu-mi's acting and Sponge Jumma... It's the end.
Because Yang Se-jong and Ahn Hyo-seop are there, Ahn Hyo-seop is really like a baby. He's a senior. Let's see him again in Season 3 of Yang Se-jong~~~
A drama that only Moon Ga-young saved
Hidden camera sharing? ...I'm so disappointed in Gong Yoo... I'm a fan of Goblin Boy... I wish you the best of luck in your relationship.....
The boss is nervous and getting more depressed as he looks at the screen while being pointed out at the interview location, but the expression on his face next to him is Jo Bo's.. He says he's worried, but he's making things even more uncomfortable. If only an entertainer who had hosting skills and insight and could do mukbang, instead of just sitting there smiling, appeared.
I watched it to see Jang Mi-hee, and as expected, she dresses well. She is so handsome. I want to meet her once before I die.
Are you watching a nuisance program?
This is Kang Yong-seok, the victim’s lawyer. Kang Yong-seok = Dodomam Leukungleukkung I'm going to lie down because I was in a picture together.. It's disgusting~~ Such a human defense hahaha I feel sorry for the wife and children.
The production crew is also problematic, and the cast is also unresponsive. Especially Yoo Jae-seok. Is there even a program that feeds Yoo Jae-seok? Running Man? Did Jeon So-min perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation on a failing show?
Jo Jae-hyun, I hope you are doing well.
Lim Young-woong is sick of it. Same pattern song
I tried my best to say the right thing.
I hope that the girl who is being swayed and bullied by a boy who doesn't even look like a celebrity will come to her senses. Feet~~
Jeongjun seems to be in the 4th dimension
If it had been Korean kimchi, the man would have complained about it being difficult to grow... I envy Park Joo-ho... As expected, marriage... God adopted daughter ^^
The story line is interesting... but Kim Ji-won is really a good example.....
The guy who exposed it as if he suffered 500 million won in damages for 600,000 won is like that, and Manny, who didn't pay back 600,000 won and walked away... It's sad... People these days are such a mess... Doxxing and dusting are stigmas in life...
They say I was bullied. Haha
The silhouette picture is so scaryㅜㅜPlease don't do this...ㅜㅜ...You have money...and fame...You should be able to listen to your own ears...Go on a trip abroad...and come back after seeing good thingsㅜㅜ
What~~~Kim Jeong-hoon is really Jin Jordan Gatteman
Don't swear at the man
Sooner or later it will fail
Why ㅁㅊㄴ ㄸ
I'm jealous of the world
Rum ticket half price 20% discount
He’s really handsome~~~~~~^^Drooling eyes~~~}}^^
You... you're such a big celebrity... you have airport trouble?
Powda haha
Isn't it obvious that a child who plays music will die? He took all kinds of drugs, played music he made, and was promiscuous with a woman. When he fell, he took more drugs and passed away. Congratulations on your condolences.
The nuisance male lead says it's okay if I act like he'll help Man-wol.. What kind of couple are you with the grumpy boss and employees?
Only the draft is real, the merge is a pretense
Self-Made Drip, just do it, I’m bored, even standing and praying, Self-Made Drip,
Looking at the video, it looks like he touched his body in front of a fan and pulled his hair slightly out of fear of being misunderstood... If you look at it, it looks like he held it slightly and pulled it hard with a woman's stone, but it looks like he pulled it slightly...
Why are you making such a fuss just because you said something great?? Damn it even if you give me advice
Jung Jun-ho looks exactly like me
Kim Tae-ring’s facial expression in the photo above is cute..
Tackle Nigo...66 size looks like a Ninja, right? It looks like there are 77 people??
What is this? Write something that will make news.
This is the first time I’ve ever been half-hearted.
Han Ji-hye, I hope we can see her acting next time..
Roh Moo-hyun and Park Do-da
Because it's OOO, I don't seem to have a frown on my face.
Does it mean that Tagermask is dead?
It's right to cheat, but where does self-appraisal and unfounded confidence come from?
Damn, please take down the program quickly.
Hugging is the right thing to do. I posted a picture for no reason and people started leaving hateful comments. It was a haircut.
Park Bo-gum, let's get out of religion
Jang Yoon-jeong, the main lead legend, what are you talking about?... Cover her with a mask... and let the judges enter the earwax check box... There are only blind ears... Everyone except Park Ki-young showed off.
As expected, the comment rate.. one in the 30s lol.
I don’t have any money haha, just leave.
It must have been filmed by the chef. Did the chef agree to the language used in the studio? Shouldn't the appropriate line be maintained to some extent? Wouldn't the chef, who is really just a person in entertainment, be the same as verbal abuse?
Wan nu??, unheard of
Don’t cry ㅜㅜ
I heard that the marriage rate between Chinese men and Korean women is the highest... There are only couples left... I have a child, but it can last 10 years, right?
Is it chronic toothache?? Let’s go to the dentist often and believe in Jesus.
The Metoo movement is frozen... a witch hunt... We must fight back with the youtoo movement.
Season 2 is coming because the broadcast ratings are good and the reviews are good. Even if I swear a lot, everyone who sees it finds it amusing.
I'm an employee at a dairy business, so why are you sexually assaulting me?
Director Bong Joon-ho's parasite national team is also a radish. It's inconvenient to eat it from a bowl compared to Oscar's national competition sports. It's all the same as if it were the work of the Vice President of the U.S. Department of Education. I'm so impressed.
Are you crying and thanking me for getting through it even though I can't do it because of drugs??? la
It seems like you are born to be an actor..but no husband clothes..
The sushi restaurant owner is all good, but bare feet with a bling pedicure and wearing slippers seems like a ninja, right? It's a beauty salon, right?
Mr. Kim Dong is also very talkative~~Please do a lot for the program~~~
Castration is the answer for Runneum.
But if you go all the way to Min, who will sing??
It's so vulgar, how dare you show off your body in a swimsuit, daughter-in-law?
The National Assembly~ Let’s move forward. Stop clashing opinions due to different political opinions from the party. Pass the piled-up finance bill as quickly as possible.
I'm not much of an actor... but Minki's daughter is great...
I'm sure there are people who were bullied by students when they were students, but it's surprising that only celebrities become Shuhwa...
Song Jong-gukbo haha ​​As expected, the man has red hair
Ki Eun-se is prettier than Eun-eun with plastic surgery!
Cheer up Hyeonju!! want!!
Pretty. Looks just like mom and dad.
no. After plastic surgery. Artificial. Artificial. It was better in the old days
Phil, did you do a fish cake mukbang? thing..
Because you're an idiot, you're being scammed hahahahaha
Basically, I really like the song.
Tally, don't talk about the axis^^ If you only attack North Korea and South Korea with poison, is it an axis?
What a disgraceful program?? You go to someone else’s house and suddenly ask me to sleep with you.
Seolhyun is shaking... It's probably you, it's not just that it's not possible
If you look at Kim Won-hee, the childless box is correct. She doesn't have the cool personality to not have children. It's also planting an obsession. I don't want to say it won't happen. If I'm being honest, it's a bit much.
I thought he was great.. he really writes articles.. but he also writes articles about the marriage of half a person with a bad personality???
Park Rae, Yoo Jae-seok, Kang Ho-dong, and Seonghun High School's Some at the 3rd MC Entertainment Awards♡ Bob Bless You took the main stage and it's a huge success this year.
After all, a man should treat a woman well.
You're just saying it. Give me the physical evidence. I transferred the account. It's physical records and I traded it because it was used. Transaction records.
Suzy doesn't have the eyes of a child haha. How can it be easy to be with a boy like Minho haha ​​You too are not far away.
Ahn Jae-hyun's spelling and spacing, Hye-seon is also really bad at writing.
~~~ How can the boy look half and half like his father, even with a handsome red dot... so much.
But who the hell are they? They just throw out articles because they’re celebrities
I’m enjoying watching YouTube!! Be happy~
I wonder if they are continuing to fish for adultery and child crimes. It seems like they don't like watching TV.
I like it more and more haha
I live so crazy that reality is ruined. I’m sorry. Haha.
Seen NO
I liked Han Hye-jin, but when she broke up with Jeon Hyun-moo, I really don't like her ㅡㅡ
The fact of sexual assault has been proven.
Jang Ja-yeon's beauty and personality are really good~~ Kim Geon-gun's turn must be a huge shock. It seems like you've encountered a big obstacle at the beginning of your marriage, but I hope you overcome it wisely.
29 billion?
What about Shusuke? Is there anything about Shusuke?
ㅅㅂ You must have known that it was Lego, but you talk so much like an old man and a new kid haha.
Are you coming? I want to see you two~
I hope Nancy Lang lives a healthy life.
I believed in the Moon Jae-in administration, but what happened? I was beaten by the national police
Hye-kyo, please stay away from Rungwanjong High School.
huh? Oh, you and I are a couple?? For that matter...isn’t he really young??
I heard you said you would give me a copy of your writing?
Haha... there are a lot of really mentally ill people.
You seem to be a fan of Kian Rae Si-eon's side, but I've been commenting that you keep talking to me. Do you think it's just one side of you? Let’s do entertainment by teasing each other~ Don’t get in trouble!!!
Did you abolish martial arts so that Yoo Jae-seok could eat the food that was shared between the five of us?
Are you a doctor and an oriental medicine doctor? ?
No matter what it is, it is the result of a child's efforts. Just as there are children who cannot be ignored and children who become successful, no matter how extreme it may be... I think my own efforts are also great. I applaud you, Jeongwoo.
Wap should also do as he complained about the malicious commenters. Don't make a fuss until the kid collapses from exhaustion. I can't even imagine half the people doing something really bad.
If Steel Rain was 100% fun, Along with the Gods was about 85% fun. How about hanging it?
It’s been a long time since I watched Jaeseok’s broadcast! Let's sleep!
I'm glad I don't have Dohee
My face fell down
To be honest, in the beginning of SISTAR, all I could see was Dasom... but at some point, Soyou's face became prettier and prettier...
It's really tmi..
Is it true that it's the first time for a baby checkup after turning 2? Is it abuse? It's awesome
Are you sick of celebrities making a name for themselves? Han Ye-seul? whatever?
Hyeon is cool. Maller View
The You Are historical drama acting scenes are surprisingly great. Zen seems like a better actor than a singer.
I cleaned up my hair.. It’s pretty.. Mom’s dad always says, “Gopdan, you can stay longer. Cheer up, Gopdan.”
It compares so well to the writer who wrote Romance ㅜㅜOpening scene
To be honest, you don't even use that language? How dare you show off? Don't act noble. Just pretend you learned it from somewhere like this.
Try searching for Sulli Lumiti. Murder disguised as suicide.....
Isn't it a martial law in Korea to kill people? Jo Min-ki died because of #MeToo, and then Jeb died because of a debt. Korea is amazing. Do it in moderation, but if there are comments, please add more.
Everyone, eat the gosami, it's crazy ㅠ There really isn't a single die-hard fan of Sunye who swears by Sunye. I've been a fan for 12 years and I've never held a grudge against Sunye. Don't pretend to be a fan. It's really laughable and it's really sad. They're all on the police station^__^
What do you mean, you're a celebrity and you're marrying a half-human bitch?
ㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜYou're a great singer.. I'm a huge fan of you. I hope you get better and see you on stage again. Stay strong!!
Rae, I'm done with my reflection
If you have a lot of money, you should throw away the old one and buy a new one.. Good job Yongdae..
Haha, the author's novel and the actor's acting are such a mess.
script
I went to the military - I like floating around.
Who is curious about the driver?
Are you going to keep publishing articles about the status of a battered neck cast?
His proportions are good so he looks like he is 185cm tall..smaller than his actual size.
As always, Hyun Bin's roles are similar, the life-eating, rude and rude manager Han Nam-chung, number 3, the spirited playboy ghost, and the number 3 cast character, Han Nam-chung.
Please go back to the beginning and make a drama that is more realistic and leaves a lasting impression on TVN, which was a disappointing drama.
Please only write about trash and write about the Jang Ja-yeon incident. Because it is a more meaningful and bigger event. I feel sorry for the reporter too... having to write about such meaningless news... tsk tsk tsk. If you can't tell me about Jang Ja-yeon, please write that it is Mi-suk's testimony.
I want people who have made mistakes and have been disappointed, but they are living better. The sons of large business owners do not go to the military, and the children of members of the National Assembly do not go to the military. These people are living well, but I don't think I am criticizing them unconditionally. I want them.
Damn Hyori.....cursing...nosebleed...beep ears... I have to go to Hyori's portrait, it's a silver lining.
It's so amazing that Bulletproof is amazing. Will the awards ceremony hall be filled to the brim next year without WoWON? Haha.
It's called Memories of the Alhambra. It's a drama that doesn't interpret it properly and blames others. It's Korea's reality. The writers, the viewers, the people, and Korea are all pitiful. The hatred, betrayal, and disappointment caused by a competitive society are on the alert.
Joong-ki's marriage was ruined. The freshness is gone and the feeling is ash. She should have done more in the military, but she was caught by Hye-kyo, so her character is ambiguous.
The man is ram~~,,ㅉㅉ
Against the car? This is ridiculous haha ​​I never imagined an article like this would come.
Are you saying you can’t stop two 18-year-old women? They even used their fists to stop it ㅡㅡ I’m really sick of gas,,,
As Han Hye-jin also guessed, Jeon Hyun-moo's stance is to just play around with him and then throw him away. No no no. She assures me that she will never get married. Women are stupid. Casanova's public relationship haha. I think his path to getting married is blocked...
But with the faces and wealth of Joo Jin, Jang Dong-gun, Hyun Bin, and Song Seung-heon... a woman would know how to pull down her panties...
Are you expecting a premarital pregnancy? haha. Are you eating? I see that you don't have the basics of housekeeping.
Who likes running articles? Even though it's hard to get a job, people all over the country are doing well, so I'm sick and tired of just running articles.
I thought it was real, so I got into the Gukju series, but it's a program..
If Noh Sa-yeon is good enough, he is really well-managed and has good sense. He is different from an ordinary Jumma.
Park Ji-seon is ㅜㅜ
There was a rumor...
I skipped William, but today it was wet and Seo Jun-seo has grown into someone to keep an eye on.
Should there be a season 2 of Seudal Boda Girl?
A drama I've never seen
Strain the Laurieux.
I dug into this bottle and fell into it.
Is it fun to see all celebrities doing Pilates?
It's not that Cha Eun-woo is ugly... There are a lot of people who are better than Cha Eun-woo, so why make a fuss about him? I'm really curious
Fighting~Janvi~!! Today’s performance went well~!!
A child who did not receive education at home as a child can never hide his true nature.
Anyway, I hope you continue your relationship in the future. If you pretend to be together in the future and then get closer, I hope you don't say that you were fooled.
Wow, you slandered Gionu, hahahahahaha Zen, the conservative ruling party is destroyed, and the spokesperson's main enemy is North Korea, so keep in mind that you are a bastard.
Lamer Nyang Hon Go find a good woman. If you have tremendous wealth and abilities, it is best to meet a good woman. If your husband is a miracle, then you are a miracle. After all, Korean women only live and die.
Hey, would you have paid 9,000 won without leaving anything? I’m so excited haha ​​it’s pathetic.
Since Park Bo-gum grew his hair, V also grew his hair, and even Song Joong-ki grew his hair.
Even a movie like Black Death has 5 million viewers... It's surprising that a movie has over 10 million viewers. It was childish and I thought I was going to cringe to death...
Is being a journalist a job that basically requires you to be rude? I have to wonder if it's okay to treat other people's private lives like that.
She’s a beauty^^ As expected, celebrities are different.
I keep asking if your criminal is creeping on me?
I'd like to drink some ice water and make a donation. It's meant to be a donation for building land, but if it ends up just getting wet, who's going to pay?
Oriental medicine doctor's old water persimmon
I really hate women, something like that.
Even though the baby is 5 years old, he still rides the baby car.
Who is Shin Ji-soo?
It's pretty and attractive.
Park Rae’s dressing sense and delicious cooking are also the best. I envy him ^^
It felt like the content was going further and further into the mountains, the initial freshness was gone and it felt like it was dragging. I was fiddling with my phone the whole time I was watching it.
Park Ho-san gets the jab from Oh Dal-su. Lim Won-hee is better than Park Ho-san...
Eunseom is so cool... I'm already addicted
I’m tired. Thank you.
After inducing you into a broken conversation, you won't delete it even when I ask you to delete it, and then hit you.
I wonder if only women always have to be harsh.
You are as pretty as ever. It seems like time has passed in the same way..ㅠ
I'm sure I'll go there and relieve my sexual desire haha.
Living these days is honestly boring.
But if only the text message from 2014 was revealed, then Hu didn't do anything bad, so he threatened him via KakaoTalk 10 years ago?
While watching Takuya Kimura and Fukatsu Ri, even though I only saw the movie, I felt like I was ruining it. Are you ruining the original work? So Ji-sub casting for the next broadcast station or something...
Boom ㅜㅜ I’m going to curse you. Even though you're a criminal, you seem to live hard and work hard. That's cool.
I just want to restore Ahn Hyeon-man...
It's better than O18 News, which I'm sick of.
An actor is a government official. Even if an office worker takes just a year off, it takes a career hiatus, but Yeon Yan still makes emotional money even after a long break.ㅜ
Radish is good
What is this, this article keeps coming out...? Are there plenty of spawns??
I don't mind waiting in line. I've never seen a good restaurant in my life where I had to wait in line to eat.
Let's give it nicely to people who work hard. Just leave the hateful comments again.
The moment Dongmae appears, it's not easy or unlucky.
As compensation for damages to the wife who married the private secretary, I gave the ex-wife of the most intelligent person a scarlet letter necklace, and she has no right to boast about her money.
I can't watch it because I don't watch dramas. After looking at it, is dating a young girl a drama?? I hope the drama appeals well to the public and becomes an opportunity for you to confidently meet younger women.
The most hated female celebrities are Kim Soo-mi in 1st place, Gyeongsil in 2nd place, and Taeyeon in 3rd place. The reason is clear. It's pretentious, and it's okay to belittle others who are just. He doesn't even cover his own atomic bomb.
I don't care who you date
Given the flow and circumstances of the case, it seems like the victim quickly reached a settlement... It was a cool drama that I enjoyed watching, but... It's a shame. I hope there is a sincere apology and forgiveness without an agreement.
In terms of marriage partner, it's Hong Jin-young rather than Song Ji-hyo. However, Song Ji-hyo seems difficult to get along with, so I'm trying to be sensitive... Just the video of Hong Jin-young's event shows that she comes according to her personality, and it looks like she's sleeping with an adult, so there's no time to be bored. Of course, I've said everything about the night, haha.
I wonder if they are doing this. Are you a poet?
I'm a born pig, I'm a born jumma, I look like my mother, I'm a pig bitch, what?‼️‼️‼️
I'm not even that cute.. Are you coming here pretending to be too hot? Find the right role quickly...
But it's just a couple coming ㅠ
However, the facts are currently being investigated and must be confirmed. If there was sexual assault, the chef should be punished, but the woman who said that there is also a problem??? Are you avoiding me by mentioning the fact that I'm a single father? It's a woman, so there's a high possibility that it was last September.
It was quite urgent
Get hurt while enjoying SNS
Should I go back without Jeon Hyun-moo.... Come back quickly~~
.... Pathetic guy. If Park Bo-gum had acted smarter and acted smarter, he would have become the next generation actor... Ji Bok-ji was kicked out.
Seohyun, Ren, and Ae-eun belong to Girls' Generation, but Rum doesn't have an agency? There's no harm in going to nym.
Is it right?
Is it Jung Joon-young's fault? Of course, his career as a celebrity is over, so why don't you factory reset the girl? He didn't investigate like a police officer like Kang-ji haha.
This guy is worth watching if you don't say the lines..
Hahaha, I opened the comment section at 7 o'clock in the comments section today. The tone is similar.. so it would have the opposite effect on Park Rae..
Mulberry Taryeongya just rollin rollin There are no members who are shitty, but they show off each individual's habits well, so they are unrivaled and popular evenly.
Tasty acid is salty
There are many celebrities who suffered abuse of power and ended up in trouble. . .
I want the beautiful love of an artist
They say bless you, so get out of it. It's not fun.
What do you say to the person who praised Jung Woo-sung for publicly apologizing or pointed out the expression comparing women to flowers?
These days, there are a lot of dramas that haven't even started yet...
Haha, you're a bitch.
Sangmin Kangji Reum Jingko. In the native language, it means ZA ZI.
If you mess with the country's political situation, it will be a disaster... Don't mess with Bangtan. Put down a real sword
But these days, I hope there is no backlash for not promoting the police officer Moon Jae-in.
They brought Park Nam-jeong, an elementary and middle school student, to appear on TV, and he began to slowly pursue his activities.
I can't see you anymore.
Is it true that you comment like that when you're jealous of Hannyeo? LOL
Didn't he admit it? If it's true, he deserves criticism. There have been a lot of counter-claims against public figures in sexual harassment cases that have been made public these days, so let's stop making malicious comments before the results of the investigation come out.
Just do it. It’s boring.
Good luck with Nu’s poetry collection ㅇㅇ
Han Hye-jin's outfit was a bit uncomfortable ㅠㅠ
Yeon was pretty when she was young. I'm over 40 and I'm so old that I can't even get married. If you're looking for a new job, you'll have to live there for the rest of your life.
Looking at the photo, it's refreshing... Have a pretty baby and live happily~~
It seems like there are a lot of real employees and testers. It's good to see welfare.
Sibling relationship? Even if they are biological siblings
A woman with a height of 52% is a strong terrorist. Haha, you look ugly.
I skipped the draft part.
Domestically, he is not even ranked first.
You seem to be very close with Jung Joon-young, but if Park Rae has a conscience, wouldn't it be polite to organize the programs one by one?
It’s okay~~Repay me with music, cheer up!!!
Controversy always seems to be a part of the article! People with a lot of money have to spend money to be wealthy. Whether or not they wear luxury goods~ The article really doesn't matter..ㅡㅡ
The Return of the King...the real thing has come out! BTS had an affair..GD is back~!!~♡♡♡ It’s okay to be distant~~~
I'm pretty, just average, but I'm not attractive.
I was happy when I was young too
Do you know who the internet commenter is and what kind of explanation is there? Coming to broadcasts with a smile doesn't make you angry, but getting popular makes your blood boil. What kind of bullshit is this?
The man who accused Ban Min-jeong of being a flower snake is really... OOO Does the victim always have to be hurt two or three times to claim damages?
What is it? I would really like it if Season 2 came back quickly. I will wait~~~.~♡♡
Ji-sung’s role in the play is really bad.
Looking at you, you seem to be happier than anyone else in the world.
Are you shaking?
Mental Gap
Fighting Choi Minsu
A reporter who publishes an article even though they asked him not to publish an article is also thoughtless.
Hyeseon, let’s go~ Let’s only walk on flower paths
The person who brought out your natural beauty well was Get It Beauty. The expert there did a great job with makeup.
Because I was Ti, I liked her the best.. After seeing that she aided and abetted the bullying incident as the eldest sister.. Anyway, live well.. Because I was Ti, I liked you the best..
Kid Millie's bubbles are falling out haha. I can't sleep and have a forced pronunciation flow... I heard you're pretending to be trendy.
Fraying...
I was aiming for the year
As expected, awareness is proportional to malicious comments..
What should I do with the pig?‼️‼️‼️ Why are you eating so much? Frika doesn’t even have water to drink, so I have to stop eating so much‼️‼️⁉️⁉️
It's like rushing to Gimpo moms and making a fuss.
It's not a big deal^^ Maybe it's because I'm a celebrity or GD, but I'm short and small, so I don't really care... I feel like I bought a house and left it open now haha.
I really envy the Dunhyun couple and they are cute.
Is Kim Gun a gangster? In today's world, if you say you don't like a business woman, then rape her! I'm being beaten by the gangster who guards the business~ There's some bullshit that doesn't even sound like words! Is there any evidence that the businesswoman just planned to steal the money??
I'm really curious to see if they'll go so far as to expose all the collusion that has become so... If so, you are a human winner.
Women have to be young at all costs. Honestly, old women are useless. It's natural for rich So Ji-sub to date a 17-year-old woman.
Someone forced me to certify my condolences. The reporter writing the article about the certification of my condolences is ridiculous. Don't write an article about it.
Phil's face looks kind of sad. Seo Soo-yeon looks comfortable with her face. Is marriage a man's grave? You two are happy~
People in their 50s are talking about other things, so say nonsense. People in their 40s and 50s will get hurt.
That's why I don't have it
Choi Soo-jong's pretentious reaction is so old-fashioned. What era is it now? The honeymoon is free and the silver wedding is also free.
Don’t blame it on your personality or your emotions.
Like the incident with the Busan middle school girl, the assailant hit the girl's head with her neck and made her bleed, and when I smell her blood, I want to hit her even more. If it's a parody of the scene, the Korea Communications Commission jokes about it. The reality is even crueler.
You don’t have to watch the broadcast. Have a nice life ^^
It's really hard for me to even say it.. But you didn't mention it so I'm not sure if you're serious.
I hate black-haired foreigners so much, so disappear.
Does this mean that I am also from Miss Korea?
Looks like the Joker
It's all Yoo Jae-suk's fault. Yoo Jae-seok and Park Myung-soo are ignoring him and not making him alive, so he's a professional living and seems to be relying a lot on Jo Se-ho.
Excessive settings are so fun haha
I don’t know what to do with the rest of us. miracle
Personally, I thought the tear scene was sadder for Seo Dan than for Yoon Se Ri.
I feel bad ㅠ
It doesn't suit you very well. Even if you get married, you'll break up soon.
I ate it once too.
May the deceased rest in peace.
Did Jung Woo-sung and Gong Hyo-jin originally come out to get on the leftist line? They will soon disappear from broadcasting along with criminals. People need to get on the line well.
There is no such thing as fake #MeToo in the world, only Han’s grown-up excuses.
The drama lacks realism. In the play, Kim Seo-hyung is fooled by the wealthy, but these days, none of the children of the wealthy are that fat.
The worst drama among the worst. It seems like it's worse to watch a run drama~ I can understand the whole story just from the meme.
Even though the child has grown up, is he still doing everything?⁉️⁉️
It doesn't seem to be Madat's fault, but she gets fined for drunk driving, but Madat is five years old... What did she know? Long live, ask your father for your sins!
The people here are very nice and friendly, and the people are better than Korea, no wonder it's a developed country.
I should sleep... but I keep watching the ending. Manwol is really so sad about the past and the present... the acting was the best
The acting was really good.
Do Gyeong-wan, who is so lively, will not smile and hug you if his junior Cho Chung-hyeon goes, right? A model of an old school senior... the standard Korean image...
I really had to get the two of them together. It was really fun to watch at first, but towards the end, ㅠ
Other than the drama Jumma, I don't watch martial arts...
A child who is not even a celebrity, live a normal life.
William, you have to be nervous, Bentley looks more like a rapids haha.
Is Uhm Hyun-kyung really an actress???
Kim Yu-seok-ran is a good actor.. I feel like he is a groom for a long time.. Find the right age.. the price is not right..
Extortion without the right to veto.
I heard that Mr. Ra also had bruises and blood all over his body. Can’t the charge of causing injury be applied to Choi Jong-beom?? Is Raman subject to injury charges?
If the sentence is 6 months, you will spend 6 months in prison, right?
Unseo Zen is a bad guy in Megal terminology? Hahahahahahahahaha I'm jealous of Megal so I grabbed the keyboard and said couple hahahahaha
It was weak ,,,
Hyori, Ock Joo-hyun, Jin, Sung Yuri, yay.... I have no expectations when I see Fin.K.L on TV again ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Baek Ji-young was not taken by the person who was different from Yoo-bin.
I heard that the majority of the people were impressed by Kim Mi-hwa's hosting ability? Are all comments that criticize blacklist advocates?
As far as I know, Toprange Dragon has not been sent to the prosecution.
I don't know who everyone is, but can't we just stop using articles like this?
Have fun the way Shinji does ♥
Just watch the writer's drama. It's boring. Even if it's a weekend family drama.
Now that I think about it, the dog man and the dog woman get along well, get married, and have trouble for a long time? Live well without it
I feel sorry for the man. MeToo and all that. Laga is crazy.
Let me know what my daughter Buzzy said. Interview with paid prostitutes~
Will the pro-Fa factionalism continue to come? No concept of operation
If he's really a mountain, he's a kid lol. He hates all women.
I don't want to hear your tone of voice being annoying.
They spent 20 billion won and promoted it, but did they post it to show off the viewership rating of 5.0%? Also, the visuals of the male and female leads were neglected, and the speaking style of the male and female leads in a historical drama was voice-acted, as if it was dubbed, so the viewership ratings were not good...
If you look at the Hidden Singer that came before, she looks like Song Hye-kyo haha.
The person who committed the crime, Han Hyo-joo, said that it was absolutely you. This is serious defamation, so I feel a big complaint. Really..... Are you making a fuss because you want everything?
I hope you live a wonderful life again~ When you are in love, everything goes blind, forget it and start again~
What is this, a general team? It's really cringy. Do it in moderation. Really, you have to do everything in moderation.
Haha, if you really brought me here as your daughter-in-law, there would be no fuss haha.
In Korea, kimchi girls are strong.
Running Man, the culprit is small hahahahaha, it was ruined hahahaha It's a relief video hahaha expected to be a disaster~~~~ Is Seung-gi Jamara planning to appear on a run variety show? ~~~~~~~~
Song Hye-kyo must be in a strange mood
It seems like there is nothing normal about the group lol.
Since I get a lot of discounts, I'll continue to prepare and post articles ㅡㅡ That's how I do it. Are you going to use it to find a place to live?
It's kind of easy to harmonize the face ㅡㅡ
The real top of Korea~~~!!!!!♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Song Hye-kyo is good at walking, even to the point of tax evasion. You are walking, and since you used to walk the harp in the old days, you are coming together to walk.
She looks like a fox, but she pretends to be pretty
A selfie idiot comparable to Jung Woo-sung... How can he be so bad at taking selfies...? If you're going to do that, face...
They say it's good, but this feminist bitch is pathetic.
Say it out loud and say it, all the haters will turn to you.
If it's true, why don't you reveal your face?
A woman in her 40s is making fun of Hyun Bin by saying he's cool for no reason. I hate it haha. I'm going to regret seeing his protruding belly and ugly face^^
I have permanent residency, but I gave up everything, quit the company, and came to Korea today. Good job, right? Please praise me, you patriot?? LOL
Poor Choi Wook-man ㅜ
Park Seo-joon’s farts must smell strong.
Isn’t that Seunggi’s song?
Murder after leaving a malicious comment like Sulli’s no bra
Please enact legislation to prevent overtreatment in dentistry.
A mid-term moral book.!
She is also a fan like Jang Ye-won lol. Why bother posting something like that lol
Be careful you...
Even if it's a luxury brand, doesn't it look a bit tacky to have logos designed all over it? I feel like I would be embarrassed to wear run clothes.
Mong Hyeong Doo has been waiting for you. Congratulations on your comeback. Please give me Yusuke too.
But what??
Smart and humble Alberto.
Stiffer than Kim Tae-hee before losing weight
Three Meals a Day Go Go
How can you not see a crab like this if President Roh Moo-hyun's silhouette is designated?...
Honestly, it’s no fun
Is this a deadly sin? Did you live with a good conscience?? Pathetic...
Since the drama failed, let’s enlist ㅠㅠ
It's pretty~!! Hyorin’s old photos are amazing~ hahaha
Korean women should clean the house, don't go out and about haha. I want to cum with my sanitary pad.
The subtitles aren't cute and they don't have a good pronunciation, but they told me to write them and write them down, so I just wrote subtitles with a catchphrase or something. It's a family show and they say it's my first time in English, but the Stars and Stripes come on and I have to pretend like there's no VJ, but I get it.
Park Han-byul, I feel so sad. Her husband ran....,
7 BTS members were crushed by Kang Daniel
Now... if you're old, figure it out... I'm not good at acting, so I'm going to judge you lol.
Because he has the ability, Yeonnam is perfect too haha. Does Femi hate Aeeun Gae but like Yeonnam? Does Yeonnam like you?
Broadcasting companies also have a lot of enemies. It would be nice if they could overthrow it when the government changes. Is it true that good celebrities who are proud, have never had an accident, and are not good at getting cast on broadcasts?? Producer broadcasting official, drink water lol.
Seo Ye-ji has completely established herself as a popular female lead with successive successes in “Lawless Lawyer,” but is Kim Soo-hyun getting caught up in the trending trend that has become outdated?
The warmth of the dead remains
It's surprising that I didn't delete KakaoTalk in 2014 and kept it until now.
