
Since I'm filming a movie, it seems like I've completely recovered from my daily life, so I can go to the military. I hope that I will serve my military life faithfully.
My personality is like an angel❤️
But I see Seo Jang-hoon as a really bad person with a dark complexion... I suggest he get tested.
It sounds like love. It's worse than an affair. Is it okay to go outside of a sex partner? Tsk. Open Philip. I like the young guy. The house manager is so thick with bamboo. Tsk.
Whether or not it's true or not, it hasn't even been confirmed. Are you saying that mentioning your real name on social media is a martyr or something? It's wrong...
It's a mess...cancel the game or have it held without spectators. The game is played without spectators, but you're far away??
People who love Moon Jae-ang shed tears.
Hwasa is really ugly
It's wet, but...don't post pictures of your feet! Just look at it! It doesn't look good.
Did you visit Shin Bong-seon in the hospital?
I think you can do lungi too.
It's not immersive, the content is very boring, the CG is childish, and it's a mystery that they made 54 billion won for this work.
Migo Balgo No Japan remains unchanged. I'm watching a Korean lover's book, but why is this guy who told me not to hate him in Korea so angry?
A real lover would have behaved and lived like one, even if it meant thinking about Chinese food.. Did Kim Tae-hee and Kim Hee-ae leave?.. What is the opposite, Miss Baek Ji-young.. Having a relationship with her husband is a sin..
Even though she went out of her way to cheat on her husband, she is a capable man, so if things are the same, she lives confidently~~ There is nothing wrong with Park Han-byul.
Kojae is an old man. He doesn't live outside of 55, speaks informally, and lives together. Snooping around on Deok's broadcast, he gets hooked. Surak, who got drunk and drove 5 times.
I'm in love with no intention of leaving.
Wake up from a dream and reality.. Only prayers, articles, love, interest only.
sun2**** I ordered Cheon Myung-hoon to be speechless. The broadcast came to criticize Cheon Myung-hoon.
The voice seems to have the best musicality...nothing will hit the jackpot.
I thought Jang Jae-in was going to be Korea's Billy Rishi, but he ended up just being an Internet media reporter? I'm disappointed...
Bada Choi So-hyun had a crazy sync rate!!!
I haven't seen Se-kyung like that, but Se-kyung is a really scary person.
It's an era where the border is too cold for epidemics, and people without compassion... There's no such thing as too many protests against allowing Koreans from Wuhan to enter the country.
Yu is good at acting....
Are you losing interest?
Until the results come out, I don't think I can side with Shin Dong-wook or my grandfather - in fact, I often shame my lover, so I think it's time to sit back and watch more.
Yuk Jung-hwan got married and was crazy about money so he changed his mind.
What is it about a child who says it's better to live alone without getting married? How can one solve one's sexual desires and talk about an entertainment business?^„^
How can you use it so desperately? We believed it, but you lied. I'm not a fan of Runny's knee. Don't lie and live straight. You only need 2 lines like this... it's a waste of no use.
I hit the guy well. A man whose income is at least twice as much as that of an ordinary office worker, quits his job and starts a house. The gender of a male gisaeng is of little importance.
What did you film in a foreign country? Directing, editing, and Siri appear to be lacking. There is no progress in the story, and everything is worse than the previous work W.
Raise it up
I don't know, I'm interested ^^
Kang Daniel is so good~ I missed it during the holidays so I really want to hear it again
The person who says it’s fun is seriously a part-timer??
I hope you don't get hurt after reading the comment. I'm just taking out my anger because I have a lot of anger inside. In some ways, I'm a pitiful person.
And if you're halfway through it, you should quit. There was a couple who ran..But in this case, they didn't get hurt, but they were expecting an old bachelor, so they must have been disappointed..Chapi Lin is a PR Sangdo Do-nim.
There is no evidence, there is no original KakaoTalk message, what is it?
It was so fucking hilarious hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha promote me to level 1!!
During the hospitalization period, the rank goes up. He returns to the corporal level and his military service is over.
Finally, BTS has become a dark story. You are the one who told me that it was a problem~
During Park Seo-joon and Park Min-young's dating rumor, I got even more upset when it was revealed that I don't like people telling lies.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what Beenzino will do. I'm looking forward to the album.
The U.S. Ham So-won article is a middle-aged woman who is cool with older women. Malicious comments abound when men are older.
Don't rush it. It's a crime (attempted murder). Drunk driving is attempted murder. You have no remorse. When you read posts like this, you'll say it's because of malicious comments and that you made a mistake after drinking, right?? Tsk tsk, who are you talking about? Don’t be rude and give it to the old maid.
Since it wasn't working, they abandoned it as a large agency.. What if they died? From the agency's point of view... they make money as long as you release an album..
I can tell you must be a fan of the person who has consistently pushed down...lol.
There are no popular songs this year?... money making
But it's not boring... It's the same pattern. Memorials are appreciated.
As expected, the taste is the best for me.
I'm glad there is no Runae in Wowon. Even if you don't do it, the sweet water will run out and the oil will disappear.
Difference and abnormality are completely different things. You can't say that you are prejudiced against other people when you go against your natural order. I hope that a path to treatment and recovery will be opened. You look tired.
Pig stays Pig lol And to be honest, if you're over 23, you don't show your sex in the first place, but you asked and didn't even take care of yourself in your 30s? What is it lol
Thank you for your courage
Drivers are good at looking after others, but they still have to pay for their meals.
Onew fan Jung's marriage article was heavily clicked on. Is it a run?
I want to be wise in choosing a small chance.
what the hell are you
No matter what I say, I want Bonnie Honey haha. It really resonates well~~Nam is straight~~You only live once, it’s the real deal~~~
The government has been quiet throughout the Burning Sunburst Genie. Are you going to turn up drug criminals?
Bae Yun-kyung is pretty
Daepaegyeopsal was growing ahead of Baek's time to roll it, centered in front of Pusan ​​National University. He was trying to avoid non-dramatic elements. It is acknowledged that he worked hard.
I heard that Taehee is making a comeback this year and is the CEO of her agency. I want to see her. You said in a recent pictorial interview that you have become more emotional than before.
Nyanseong Yangji pull up. Lulbaen... everything is done secretly...
Advertisement Jaedae. A loud roar.
It won't take a year to do it.
He said he got it if he got an education lol Are you coming to D University?
The character named Gudong is a separate character. Always with the same facial expression and threat
The logic of Zwon and X1 fans is so absurd that I snort lol. Is it for the sake of going ahead with it since my kids are avoiding it too?
Hack it too.. I guess it’s like dealing with a man’s rag partner and handling an object??
Is this a Juvis advertisement? LOL But for an advertisement competitor, the batting average is good.
Asking Park Rae Henry how to solve the problem is sexual harassment, but after all, since it's a different person, it's quiet haha. He said something to Dol, a male friend, and apologized immediately.
I am. ~~~~ Daughter. The government gives her a national medal. Isn't it? delivery. There are 5 people. Patriotic
I'm going to poop right now.
Yeonmi-indo is also naughty... Are you going to launch Burma? I'm sick of it~~
No comments....
I'm out of my mind. Are you going to say that my daughter drinks like that and motels are a bitch? An inadequate level of gender awareness is revealed. I can't tell the difference between One It and sexual assault, so I'm in an uproar.
Wow, the expulsion of Hyun, who ruined Cube... They're a huge free agent, so it looks like they're playing a competition game to bring him in.
Nephew ㅜㅜ Donnyeon, you damn bastard, get the fuck out ㅜㅜ Run says he’s going to bark at you to make money, so he’s really laughing and his feet are getting bigger.
My friend is having a hard time, so let me at least hold your hand. There was a girl group
Wow. I hate my face.
Good luck getting back to work after receiving the punishment~
To be honest, I don't know about Jung Joon-young's final grade, but Joo Jin-mo and Jang Dong-gun's level of punishment is a crime, so donating talent haha.
It seems like you live a good life and have many good people around you... I hope you get through it well. May your soul rest in peace...
It's a cool fact that people read it as a grasshopper.
People change like this when they taste the money they spent on people.
Everything is really cool and cool ㅜㅜ But.. um.. won’t there be an article about Hyorin? Janvi too.... um...
I heard it’s pretty
Daniel didn't do anything wrong. I just want to find someone who will make me happy during the difficult times of conflict with dinosaurs. I want it unconditionally.
Comment age range....
I feel sorry for Su. She was kidnapped and lived hard for 20 years. She gave up on the other guy and tried to run away from Min Chae-rin. How could she not roll her eyes? Chae-rin, who didn't let her parents meet even after finding out about her crystalline lens, will be kicked out of the house if they find out.
It's not popular at all, and people hate it when they turn on SM devices, so it's like they only watch YouTube instead of watching TV.
Damor Ahn Jae-hyeon, stay strong. Let’s not tear our souls and break them.
Is there an infinite number of innocent lives lost? A couple tax that has no idea or concept ㅜ
It's better to have a child, but I'm going to remarry.
A daughter who looks like Moon Hee-joo ㅠㅠ.
Living a boring life
A woman who had an affair is charging her ex-husband?
Avengers 3 is the last... It's sad, it's sad... ㅜㅠ May the deceased rest in peace.
Han Ji-min is all good, but her voice is not so good^^ but it’s uncomfortable haha.
always ost. Are you blind? It's uncomfortable to listen to.
I'm sick and tired of it. Thank you.
Sol Pharmacy Damoin is really awesome.
Yoo Hee-yeol, please give me a guest. Hehe, Yu-yu couple is a sweetheart.
This guy's voice is annoying
Put it down. Put down the broadcast. Because I don't want to see it...
The daughter must have ended up like this because she rubbed her grandmother's face... She didn't know that and couldn't even come to her senses with her granddaughter.
It's just discrimination, right? The male lover is very good at gambling and drugs! Multi-target. Soo-geun, Ju Ji-hoon. It's so bad. . . . thought
Right now it feels like V+Jungkook? At that time, ramen Mickey Yoochun was good haha.
She was very powerful in The Good Witch, so I didn't know she wasn't popular. Basically, I think he has good sense and a good head.
If you have a good temperamental bitch, I'll take 1 Han Hyeon-min.
Shameless, it seems to be on the same level as Gaekak.
It will be difficult to break even a million profit or loss.
He's Chongo's nephew...
It's more fun than Mr. Sunshine.
I only watch the episodes in which I appear, and if I see a stupid, pointless, and tactless Gian episode, I change the channel.
A group with many people, one of whom scammed graduate school and another sexually assaulted them.
He said it was dirty because he did it... hehehe. It's okay as long as you use it yourself.
BTS explodes one by one
They were all so immature... Jeong Gyu-woon couldn't be helped, especially his wife. My husband saved Miji’s life....what a pity....
What are you doing by calling a soldier who went to Rajiki?
There is no one worth seeing
I'm watching it because of the real Hyun Bin. I have no idea what they're talking about, but run~
I have a lot of articles. Park Bo-gum's support base seems to be solid.
Haha, do you think they scammed me? The statute of limitations is over?
Also, look at the Jeolla-do class.
But it's a company, a company.
I don't even believe in Mr. Gu. wait until the results come
Just keep going ㅠㅠ
They turn around and meet again, and Woojin and Joo-hyuk will save their father-in-law... Will their mother-in-law also be taken to the hospital in advance?? After waking up, the ending will end with Joo-hyuk and his father-in-law and their baby smiling happily...?
Youngnu mukbang is also good, do you want to lose weight for your health?
Dasom is also popular. I see that you posted a jealous post... What on earth did you set up? It's nice to see Honraf Boju, who is more unaffected than a lover.
Haha Run is also mentally ill. Get psychiatric consultation
mother and niece
There are more young people calling for impeachment of Moon Jae-in.
I'm raising my daughter well... but there are a lot of dissatisfied people in their 40s... they can only talk about the money they made from their literary collection... they seem like they're not good at seeing men become popular!!!!
Onniyu and people... live happily ever after...
Haha, if you have a lot of money and ability, you live with a lot haha. But the funny thing is, people like you don't even exist there haha.
Congratulations.. Is it common sense to know enough to plaster the search ranking articles?
It's all good, but date me. Don't talk nonsense.. I'm dating someone like Park Seong-gwang even though the kid is old.
Please give birth and close the door.
I really hate Kian 84, he looks like a stone... I would really hate it if he tried to make the character fun.
Well, looking at the comments... Park Myeong-soo's wife seems to be a person with enough experience. Bang bang
I felt very unfair. It was difficult.
Woo kiㅣdeuk, maybe Joe, the team that will be active in the main office is Nzuwondang, you Zwonge is scared of everything, my love Zwon, not only Alaview Ruku, but also Jiwon, the genius doctor, Jinsimmeu, the mayor of the main office is Zwon.
They said... trust me, human... if you don't like it, just live your own life...
Jeongyeon seems like a pretty person and her ex-husband is a public figure, but she doesn't care at all.
It's jingle jingle haha. Yeongseok is doing well, eating hard, can't he just play three games?? I'm getting sick of it.
Most of the time, the mother gave birth because she wanted it, and the husband only gave birth to her. She couldn't even show her displeasure and felt like it was a burden!
Do you have a daughter or something? Are you going to get it?
Hyunmoohyung pic
I only commented on the malicious comment because there was a lot of talk about my ex-wife's daughter... but leave it to Song Yoon. Don't pack me up just because it's yours. I'm living well after giving birth...
Hahaha, maybe a one-act drama? I just went to see Seunggi~
What Soo-jong Choi and Yu are doing is disgusting haha.
There is a lot of trash from malicious commenters
They said they knew about the comments, but they called referee Mu Handsome. I was expecting a fair game, but I won't watch it.
Songin is not expensive even if it costs 100 million. Look at who Songin is popular in Korea.
No matter how things unfold in the middle, please let Min Sun-kyung and On Jun-young do well in the end...
Chae... well.. ㅠ.ㅠ
Shinhwa Jealousies are all flocking here? After my husband’s child?
Hahahahahahahahahahaha the cheater has cooled down hahahaha
Yoo Jae-seok seems to have become a thing of the past, and I can't even remember what the last program was that was a disaster and was not a box office hit.
To be honest, if it were my Kim Young-hee, I wouldn't want to get divorced and rack up debt for not having any contact with her. Even if it's her mother's debt, the thought of her paying off her mother's debt while making money while taking care of her mother would make her feel angry. Anyway, parent phrase
Sakura has star quality just by her face. But Shimamiru is disliked after seeing the comfort women incident. Runae should not be included in the debut group. Is Ko a 2? If you debut without adjusting your height, you will be unbalancedㅡㅡ
In fact, it is a declaration of the end of the war, but give it away.
Is it normal to not do martial arts even if you do it wrong?
What’s stronger!? It’s all my mom~~
It seems likely that Cho Young-nam and Yoon Jeong were born together 500 million years ago.
Jimamji is more crazy, special Rasaram
It would be nice if the victim's cousin had a lot of romantic friends...
Radojumma is the world of Noppamunregi, heaven and earth
Sleep more. Drunk driving is attempted murder!
Sado and Hansa? lol
I wonder if it would have been nice and full if I had eaten raw fish bowl at a sushi restaurant... It's easy to stick to sushi. 9,000 won is a good value, but it's better to pay more and have a full stomach. I would hate it even more to pay a lot of money and eat it on my own. ㅠㅠ ..
The Burning Sun rapist is a scoundrel.
ㅇㅣJeumma says she wants to live quietly, but is she lying? They made fun of it by saying they made a lot of money, but are they really just being indulgent?
Did you manage to solve the money you borrowed? I like Kim Tae-hee, but Rain really seems like a scammer so I don't like her.
Kang Yong-seok and Han Hyo-joo in the three labs mentioned that it was exactly you~
Fact check: This is a bug that forced certification of condolences. The main male pig, the warm pig, the male pig, and the female pig. Haha.
Even on broadcasts, this guy who encourages people to live is alive.
Ton kimchi bitch
Dae-eun..far away..play loudly..if it’s your face...~~~~
Toilet Yoo-cheon = drug criminal = sex crime
A girl who wears a bag is a hipster category?
Cheer up ~Mom is a strong dog..~ I believe you will pull through well~^^
What's the trend these days?
After researching this, how on earth are you going to pay off 4.5 billion won so quickly?? Publish a book at least. It’s a bestseller.
I hope so.. It's better for half office workers to not get married before they turn 40.
The neighbors are crying
It feels like I'm trying to wrap a radish... It feels like I'm struggling to survive... It's a pity, I'm trying to pack...
‘’ 72% of genders face blood shield G. thief
Why did you appear on the show? The current situation is pitiful.
Crazy... I just feel sorry for everyone... Trainees, they made a mistake... Cheer up for Z1 and X1...
Beechung's happiness index is higher than that of the disabled Dr. Stephen Hawking.
I picked up the child
I don't know anyone who has suffered from infertility, so why are you trying to impress me? It's good to be pregnant.
This guy really crossed the line and got into trouble. It was Seong-gyu and it was Seong-gu. Unseogye iron ball.
Jirap, you're such a hot dog, you're always so annoying haha ​​Shoo Have you lost anything, whether it's gambling, debt, or dealing haha ​​You're worthy of being a foot teacher, it's disgusting
It's a shame that my husband is Byung-hun.
I said I was tired from publicity, but it was a disaster... Chuhyeon, who was the best at acting, died in episode 1 of his special appearance haha.
At the point of your run, it was just like the original bitch.
Even the screenshot doesn't work
Really, everyone except Kim Beom-su is gone...
Jiyeon's face looks more like an actress...
Every time I see you, I think of Seonghyuk, Jang Bo-ri, Moon Ji-sang
Baek Jong-won, do you have anything delicious? You guys take care
Weekend dramas are only for grandmothers, so it’s inevitable.
He has a nice face, but he's a normal person. She looks like she's up to something, but Jung Joon-young is good-looking and she's definitely the type of person to do it ♡
No, we've been dating for 20 years haha. I'm definitely in love with you.
I never hang out with Hyun Bin @.@
One midi's food review turns into a greedy old man, and of course the media is scared.....
If you can remember getting beaten up in high school until you were 30, then it seems like you got hit by a really serious person. There is a reason for getting beaten up.
The Sookhaeng couple is stellar haha
I didn't do anything, but I'm being criticized like this. It's been a while since there wasn't a link... I think there's a link left.
By the way, it's amazing...
Kim Tae-ri is so ugly... Her nose is low and looks unsophisticated... It's too much for a photoshoot... Isn't it too much of a difference??
It was good because it was fresh~!!!
Jo Se-ho is busy with both the crew and the military.
Hyeseong of Seoul National University >>>>>> Numsa >>>>>>> Hyejin Han of Dongduk University. Jeon Hyun-moo is also planning to get married, so he made a wise decision.
It's a shame the TV isn't on.
funny. Aside from Bada, Shu and Eugene were best friends..Shoo Lee played with Bada haha
I don’t care about scam broadcasts... I’m not interested.
Just bow down
Well, I think it's BJ The Moon instead of Nam Run, but I did a quick search and found the answer.
Is it a drama? Is it a drama? Go Hyun-jung's pronunciation is so messed up that she doesn't know what to say.
It's a habit, and it's only been 6 times in 1 year??? I'll eat 100 million won in the drug book and get 6 coats in 1 year.
When I look at Seungkwan, I think I see Moon Heejun.
Marriage school's popularity plummets....???
It's a really fun program that heals you just by playing it✨
You don't really have a baby???
Are you showing off? The scarlet letter is a stigma attached to an adulterous woman. Read the book. Ignorant gentleman.
A child who says mean things = I just sigh when I look in the mirror ㅇㄱㄹㅇ
It's okay to go... May the soul rest in peace.
Raedo Kim Yong-jin
Do you even know that the producer of a music genre that doesn't even sound like music is dead?
The more I look at Joo's clothes, the more I think about Dahee. It must have resonated well with me...
Congratulations~ I am enjoying your acting and performance. Your married life is also sweet~^^
It's fun, the colors are good, and the acting is good.
Kang N-Bit's life after becoming a member of the MeToo Movement and receiving ankle bracelets after confessing
It's okay
Everyone, be careful.
The real Yuri watches all the dramas. I was disappointed with Korean dramas these days because they are not interesting, but Yuri's acting was truly breathtaking. I also got to watch Song Chang again.
But are there so many anti-comments? (I don't know the truth, so I ask) Isn't it possible for them to remarry and say on air that Jima is pretty? Didn't they fight while brandishing swords and get married after drinking and using violence??
Hmm, popularity and power. Even though Hwang Kyo-ik said the right thing, there is a lot of unfavorability and a lot of criticism, so it is creating a lawless world of popularity and power in society.
A pig with glasses who can't even make a noise in front of a model, I don't know how to give a good news just because he caught a bang. Even if you die, you're not in a body to be a model, so is this how you relieve the heat that has always built up?
I feel mentally unstable after breaking up with Jeon Hyun-moo.
It was wrong to send it out without editing. The producer's lover is also a half-human person, but you're filtering it out on the air? It was wrong to bring up such a distant story, Kim Gura, in the first place.
Keep sleeping. Don't act like you can.
Is SBS News all year round? If it's your lover, why don't you write an article?
Cheer up, pretty Hyeseon. Next time, don’t touch Rungan ^^
divan!!!
Marijuana is also legal in LA. Just bark
Season lol
Is this guy good?
Everything else is inconvenient -ㅅ -
Isn't it quiet? Lunny Femmy, who was inertial and quiet, is hearing rumors of mental illness.
You're Joo Young-hoon, right? ?!
When 2NE1 disbanded...
Even though you're the best and cool and cuddly, it's hard when you risk your life just a little bit and get upset.
Gukju, you don’t seem to be very active, so please be more active. Good luck.
The worst thing is to sleep
Park Seong-kwang should also resign from the company. It’s not even funny.
I want actor Kang Han haha
Don't just check, check to see if there's any water. If there's a lot of water, you're excited and you're healthy.
To be honest, it was Sangmin, but she is someone who can't come to broadcasting.
Are you an old man?! It's really frustrating.
There are people who can't even dream of happiness. It's easy to think and be considerate. Even elementary school students learn the conditions for good news.
investigation false
Prosecution issued? After a substantive review at the court, the judge issues the order... I guess the prosecutor judged the police application and applied to the court... Is it right for the prosecutor to issue the order?
Do you know now that you are a nuisance??
There are a lot of dirty people. I think it's great that young people work hard, but on the other hand, there are a lot of people who are jealous.
Really, Bulletproof once gave me something similar to an apple, so I'm going to do it. Do more. It's more than I've ever seen~
The enemy is all haha ​​MeToo damage vs Jo Minki mine
Pathetic baby mom
Jeong-eun Han Jae-seok... he also has an abnormal soul
I'm also curious about the well-being of Chuka Chuka's three friends~~ I really enjoyed watching it.
Girl group life is over and giving birth~~? I support you even to the point of milk.
Do you only have ten won in your bank account? I don't want to get married and there's no drama.
ㅇIntelligence Department investigation.. Will Seungri survive?..I will say that he killed himself by adding nitrogen to the police..
Junyeongdo is a saengmin haha
It's quiet now, so go back to the military. It's easy.
Han Eun-jung's acting is really good.
There is no one to give ㅠKorean ??????
I'm really angry at the guy who chases after a married man. Haha, as expected, the firepower is awesome.
I want to see Kim Saeng-min too ㅠ
Nuclear fun, what did you believe in when you went free?? One vote for networking casting
Kim Ok-bin is good at acting.
It's not right...I always see prodigious prodigy.....even if I get stabbed again, it's a huge hit.
Why do you want to get attention when you can just live quietly?
Da army~~~~~~
The real Big Bang is a social evil
Hyorin, you're pretty and you sleep well, so why are you whining behind my back when you can't even show me your face? I'm trying to take advantage of your loss in life right now.
I thought he was a handsome dog man, but when he shaved his head, he looked very handsome. I was embarrassed because he was so handsome.
I like Song Joong-ki, but has Song Hye-kyo left me? Please take a proof shot and upload it to explain.
I don’t know if Jang Hoon got married.. Jeongyeon doesn’t seem to be an ordinary person either..
A housekeeper? I feel like I'll be judged for my taste and the worst trash...
I think he received money for medical treatment after getting hit with a bloody clot.
This is what I saw. It's really special
The fact is that I make more money and live a happier life than the people who make malicious comments at every corner.
What the heck
The country is really trash. It's as much trash as a developing country. The benefactor has come, but he lives there and doesn't even show his face.
Song Hye-kyo, let's meet. Are you cursing someone else’s life? Even though I don't know the details... I think you'll do well. If you swear, you are guilty.
Seojin If you play with an old man, you will become an old fool.
I can clearly see the person who posted your comment, so that's what you're doing...
Even married couples don't know each other, but I'm shocked that someone I met for the first time is asking me, I'm crazy.
Lang Noh Sang-kwan
Hello, Nem, the drama is vivid.
Poor staff ㅜㅜThey must be having a hard time
Megal couldn't even dream.
At EBS, you hit me and cursed at me for being a joke. Who wants to join the company?
If you want to do your best as an actor, you don't keep trying regardless of whether the project fails or not... you've never seen the project.
Can’t you gamble with your own money?
If you look at it, you won't know if it's more criminal or a scammer.
A star that is different from ㅈㅇ
Every time I watch the show, I instantly fall in love with it. It's 16 episodes long, but it's short, and it's extended to 20 episodes. I heard there are 10 follow-up dramas scheduled, so watch the show during Chuseok too!!!!
In the dramas I watch these days, Han Ji-min is pretty and Ji-sung is cool.
Not only Zico, but also Dickim and Park Jae-jung, members???? The broadcaster said he was going to hit it, but since the incident broke out, he tried to cut it off... Haha, he is a helpless guy. Haha, he seems to have an easy life as a lover.
A child with no real inspiration...
I won't go any longer. I raise my hand.
Say goodbye to relationships that can't even be acted out.
I'll come down to eat something delicious. There must have been fewer people. It's good that the bubbles have subsided. I miss Hyunwoo.
Since you're going around too...
If it's the same, I won't marry the run family.
I think it's Jaemin
Is it sad that Da-ju died or is it sad that Se-ho's student was sacrificed? It's patriotic to watch the movie Volva one more time. I visited Korea to coincide with Se-ho's 5th death anniversary, so the memorial atmosphere is dim and I won't watch Marvel before the end.
As expected, Rin's mother-chan is getting married.
Megalyeon cursed at Han Hyo-joo for not being able to take care of her younger sister. After seeing Park Hye-mi for not being able to take care of her husband, she said she should avoid Park Hae-mi too.
Who's going to give birth?
It was a Chinese girl. It kind of smelled like Chinese.
Kim Hee-ae is also there, but it's a true story.
Even if you beat me to death, don't be a wild goose. Pyeonnae, 100% foreign cotton, doesn't know that I'm having an affair with Kojaeng. You're working hard to earn money and sending me money by making wild geese.
He's also getting married, so why are you complaining so badly?
If you are trembling to order a newbie, you will be punished. Just listen to the words of one person. There are many people who have advanced to the top. Cover him and order a half-person who is ready to die.
Jo Woo-jong also seems to be a very harsh person... I don't think I can go there haha.
What do you blame on the broadcast production? From the looks of it, there seemed to be enough choices for Hyeonju, and the choice seemed reasonable enough. I think the problem will be solved if you talk nonsense, drink Ron Mall, and turn to reality.
Are you making a fuss about Ahn Jae-hyun, accusing him of doing something wrong? Didn’t you see Ku Hye-sun? Who too? It's not about taking sides, it's about facts
Are you drinking water at the club, sitting together, reading books, talking about politics, and eating ramen? Are you just playing around like that?
Goodbye, my love Jen, I will let you go and forget the memories.
A bitch like a bitch
You may think it's irresponsible because you're a lover and don't know the unknown, but you're more responsible than you think. I have feelings for a man, I plan on getting married..
Joseon’s peerless beauty lives well.
Twice.., Shin Han-soo, Hitman... ruined one after another... Golbin's wife ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
If you are 15 years younger and have an accident during the reel, you will be punished haha. Jeon Hyunmoo is good. Jeon Hyunmoo's star is good.
What should I watch? Rediscovering Namgoong Min. I'm bored.
Take down the article. What the hell did you upload to the main page of the wrong article?
Really unlucky.
I love you~~^^
army
If Run Soul loses to you, it will be perfect. I will be really moved by your words.
Ahn Hyun-mo indirectly hinted that she didn't want to have children, so I ended up getting angry... Ahn Hyun-mo's miraculous attitude seems to be disappointing, tsk..
If you live in society, you might brush hands, right~~
If you meet someone half as good as an athlete, you will lose everything. ..Eating and making a living is a basic human need, but you can get a morning ride in a Benz.
For some reason, it seems like Feminist Moonslam haha.
Geolbok-dong urgent treasure.
I guess I'm healthy~ Should I take a basic physical fitness test? Does it count for lack of muscle mass, weight, blood pressure, and 1 push-up?
It's really fucking hilarious. Can't they make a drama like Hong's fantasy couple Ma Girl?
Will this be the end of male power?? Ju Ji-hoon, T.O.P.. haha, and many others have unique characteristics, so they must be good.. they’re amazing..
Mr. Hwijae, don't throw your money away...
gross
Is this your first time seeing your face for the 10,000th time? Are you a popular actor in weekend dramas? I have no idea who he is...
I don't want to see a man with so many tears, he looks so stuffy
As expected, people got married based on their educational background. Shin Jae-eun, a student at the regiment.
john is ugly
I respect you, Myungsoo.
She's famous for revealing things to others... She's a nympho.
I think Song Da-eun was the most powerful lol.
Blame your parents for their mistakes, right? What I ate and what I ate
I'm good at attracting people to places like One Table. There are many young start-ups and many fail, so people give up just because they can't do it. Baek Jong-won also tested it and said he must keep his head and work harder. Don't swear like you do
I liked the feeling of listening to radio...
ㅅㅂ It's so dirty, you're going to rip out Megal's neck.
EXO-L was the bread shuttle beauty that always got hit on, but she has grown a lot haha. Screw it.
The golden medicine is shaking so I'm slowly waking up haha.
Accidents and private life are all about sex.
It's not okay to make a fuss about Chanwon 1! ? Because there are many ways to sing like Chanwon in Korea^^ You can’t sing like Lim Young-woong and Ahn Seong-hoon because that’s a fact!!
It’s pretty.. I’m jealous of Runny’s relationship.
Park Min-young’s radish ripened
Don't use black-haired foreigners in Chosun. Watch the drama for fun, read the article and get angry. Black-haired foreigners pretend to be foreigners, pay less in taxes, and scrape money to raise money. This is the main financial crime market.
..everyone..is pissed..really really good acting and original personality..the world is disgusting..
You two sound good together...
I don't know what they're seeing lol. It's really childish. There are many people who have never seen the series.
Who has the right to judge and criticize Puma? What happened to your attitude toward swearing at people you don't even know who they are? What kind of person is a trash person who can scold the person who loses?
Haha, Cha-ryeon is not the kind of lover who will get hateful comments, so what can I say? Cha-ryeon didn't do a good job, so why bother writing an apology and just get fired? Jumma is not allowed to dry noodles. But it's just funny.
Your lines will be cut, so you'll have to pay attention ㅜ
To be honest, it's easy. If you're Changseok, he's a handsome guy that's hard to find anywhere, so don't date him and meet him.
Hmm, good luck Horan.
I'm starting to make a lot of comments haha. It's not even fun.
Are you talented? Are you good-looking? Are you likeable? Are you tall? Even if your parents did not blame you for blowing your luck, you were the one who couldn't keep up with the relationship. Because you live alone, 24, I was going to hate Park Rae after seeing you promote someone who eats away at you.
It's much better to talk about movie relations, Kang Eun-bi, face to face. What is it? If there was one, do you have to wait to solve it? Do you know Ligo Tizen?
Are you not thinking about the damage? I don't think I would have been able to do it if I changed my position.
But I feel like Kim Soo-hyun's way of speaking... His voice is similar, but even his way of speaking...
Lee, I wish I could be a person for a long time
Hong Seok-cheon to the National Assembly!
Gian is good. But, please give me the year-end awards ceremony. ㅜㅜ
You can't just say you did it if you wanted to do it...you just have to hide something and make it better than before.
I'm saying this because I have the ability to be a parent, but wouldn't it be okay to at least give it to me to cool down?
Damn it. Womad pair Gura catches 300,000 people. level.
Stupid dog and pig, Blackpink, you don't have money, so are you giving money to someone with half your money? President Yang says he drinks whiskey every night and sheds tears, so please forgive him.
Hello.. Good luck to all of you.. Everyone who reads this post, I am always looking forward to the beginning of the week. I hope you live long and prosper.
Be a trainee at JYP for 3 years
Seon-kyun's movie Mi-ok-seo's acting is lifeless.. my money..
Execute the flower snake as an example.
Kimchi girl always shows up~
Seo was ugly but bad, Hye was pretty but bad, and they were all bad at acting.
Hye porridge? It's all lies. Kwak Mi-hyang, who stole her husband, didn't get punished and is living well in the castle even though she lied, but what about Hye? Kwak Mi-hyang, who will be compared to others, is also doing well.
Ryu Jun-yeol Bane? Get away from Son Heung-min!!
Association ㅡㅡ I feel bad for defrauding my parents haha
I have a constitution that makes me gain weight whenever I eat. I can't even eat too much without gaining weight.
If YG is ruined, I'm excited because of Blackpink, the unrivaled top girl group.
Is there anything So Soo-jin doesn’t wear? Is it a linked business? East, west, north, south, all fighting~~ I don’t want to see you, I’m putting too much on you~~~ Apply in moderation~~ It’s eye-catching.
Cheating is also a fact, but at some point it seems like a fact.
The girl's si-hwa is also funny.....
I acknowledge that I passed the California bar exam. It must have been New York State.
There is no indulgence to buy. Roh Moo-hyun and Jo Min-ki
Don't cry while watching TV, you're such a loser.
I don’t want to see Su-geun
In my opinion, I think this guy is a serious lover.
It's a pity
Do it in moderation. There are many cases where you want to retaliate while driving, but it's okay to get fired because there are only so many situations. The person writing the comment seems to not be driving.
I'm crazy about money haha. If you die, are you going to punish the kid too?
From now on, I think we will have to be especially careful about banning SNS.
La people are so good at trusting people that they scam a lot of people. Most people in Jeolla-do are scams as well.
Do you think we have passed the village? Do it on your feet
Bitch who? Are you the same actor?
...I made a mistake and apologized profusely, but I guess I did something wrong.
I'm sure people are flocking to you, but I'm doing it because I want to protect myself and not because I'm harming others, so let's say something.
I'm probably dumping Rae because I don't want to go on air with him. Because I don't want a two-shot with Yumi.
It's so funny... It's the background of the main stage in the demolished village... ㅡㅡ Mission: Impossible Wow, it was so much fun, I felt like my eyes were opening after watching it.
Whether or not a man gets plastic surgery~~ He said he would fix his face, but there are so many people saying, “Hold it!” Are you saying you’ll pay for it??
The problem with the drama is that if there is a love line, you will be criticized, and if there is no love line, it will be difficult for a woman to get attention.
Poetry: A shortcut to marriage made with unconditional love and soul
After all, Koreans are not good at being successful.
If BTS is ranked 3rd in Korea, it would be a real uproar if EXO WoWON entered the US.
What’s so bad hahaha
Hannam sucking Gian = Hannam pig boom
Possessing powerless skills with no personality at all... Even though he's nice, he doesn't feel like anyone else... Except for the money...
You don’t have to look at it… I'm not curious...
If a bunch of people show interest in a broadcast show, wouldn't others feel scared and happy? Sexual and gender power... Cheer up, boss, and I hope you heal well from your heartache.
Wife, if your husband commits a crime, will you be fired from the company? Will the business be closed? I sat there laughing.
I'm calling Kim Gun-mo. Love broken like pottery.
It's the worst among the tribes. I came here to measure the whole tribe. I'm suffering from lover's disease. Run Fram says.
I'm sorry, I'm learning new teachings and learning how to live my life. The public sentiment in society is flowing in one direction or another.
Three subscriptions a lot! Looking at it, I don't think I'm good enough to subscribe.
If you had given me a message from the nose center, I would have made it to the first team. It's easy because they only focus on their skills without considering popularity.
Really excited body~
What's so cool about it? You can wear it out over time, but the analogy is not good.
Do you want to live your life like a tomb? It's good to smile and live happily, but there's a reason why you can't get married because it's easy.
Is Jikdo, born in 1979, an elementary school character? Like Kim Jong-min, it wouldn't be good to be left in the dark.
Sun Rae’s creative skills were at a high level during his time at Leeds, right? Taeyeon is a big deal, right?
I like tropical birds betterㅠㅠ
Is this a Korean bridge? Actually
The comments are really scary. Is the comment part-time job?? People can do this.. I'm so scared that people will bite me for doing something wrong, so I just breathe and live..
My boyfriend told me to cheer up and told me he was cool.. but he fell in love with my cosplay without a groom ㅡㅡ
Are you jealous because I’m prettier than you lol?
Exo ?? I'm so scared...
To be honest, Namgoong Min’s acting is the target ㅡㅡ
I heard Steel Rain is fun.
I can't wait for the knight to come down.
Jhanvi's song is a ray of light in my gloomy life. If I don't sing Jhanvi's song, I can't sleep due to insomnia. Singing is the light of my life
Seungri didn’t do drugs though.
The film director ruined my self-esteem and I won’t look back. He has a grumpy smile and a condescending attitude.
Instead of turning around, I lived by working.
I wish I could touch Kim Gu at least a little bit.
I'm a sucker, but my younger brother is a sucker.
It’s the third one~~~~~ It’s terrible haha ​​Raising a child takes all of your life!!!!
Huh~ I want you to curse.
If you get bullied, you deserve it.
, I forgot--
It's nice to see that they seem to be living well. There are a lot of people in the unit because they're hungry haha.
Sulli 10 14 Jugeum
So many stars haha
Goo Hye-sun's Instagram post was prepared as soon as the article was posted, and comments started flowing in an instant... There are a lot of people complaining. The National Petition Center for corruption in quick-fire shootings~~ There are a lot of people out there complaining too.
Horangbi is like that too.....lol
Even the article about remarriage far away...
For a moment, I thought it was Go Jae-geun and was shocked.
If I just kept talking about it... I would be disliked.
Does she have a corner to make money????? She's a friendly talent, but she's acting in a drama on Instagram? Haha, she's going through a hard time because she only gives Rin everything to hang out with.
It's a merger and dissolution, but filing a lawsuit in a merger situation is okay.
To be honest, he upgraded Jeon Hyun-moo. I'm going to date Jiju Unseo. Just find a man of your level. He's like a former player.
As the boy with short legs loses weight, his head gets bigger and his body gets smaller, which makes him look ugly.
I'm sorry. I don't even trust the National Forensic Service.
Park Sihoo..the past will be washed away..
If you don't have the skills, there's no point in doing a historical drama.
Hesta's face is different in each work, and it's all the same.
Is it Park Han-byeol’s fault?,.,ㅡㅡ
Just don't say it quietly, let's get married.. What's the point of marrying an old bachelor and an old maid? If you have an amazing personality and have an amazing business, it will be eye candy.. Tsk.
If you're ugly, you're cool, and if you're wearing a cool bodysuit, it's completely embarrassing. If you're ugly, you'll get hate comments.
Heunggukjae wild geese. . . I saw on TV that you were having a hard time. . .
But yo???
The crisis is ~~
I guess they had surgery for ophthalmopathy. Haha, it was completely cured.
Live only with your mouth... Feel the wealth of your wealth... It's a world where you only live with your mouth...
It's not easy to live hard and focus on your goal while carrying the big wall of being disabled... I envy you, and I should follow your example. May the deceased rest in peace.
Mi-ae wins because you are more than Hye-kyo and single.
There really wasn't anything wrong with you. The designated driver just parked in front of the house to give you some comfort, so please act well again.
I don't know how to watch Run because I'm a mozilla. It resonates well with Run Pure Hannam and Park Rae.
Jeong Hae-in’s radish is good~~
I'm really looking forward to it. I wonder how it will work out with the scan.
Gura fined 2 million won, ex-boyfriend sentenced to 6 sentences, 2 years of suspended sentence, number of sexual violence training sessions 40 ~~~ End
Kim Min-jun, I lost my hand to Ki hahaha.
As the episode progresses, it seems to become more wordy and childish.
If a wife leaves her husband alone and doesn't take care of his bed, he will 100% cheat.
Crab has short teeth
I heard that I had a hard time not having a friend to hold my hand before I died. I got sick because of malicious comments.
Are you a TV woman who is making a fuss? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha When a good actor dies, he says he will be sad when his idol dies, but he talks a lot. Unlike you, he likes making Karl Gerfeld and bought a lot of it, so it's a shame.
Ruji..Dal-su is so bad...I couldn't see with my eyes open that a talented person in a Korean movie is going bankrupt...I was a fan of fans...but I did something wrong in a moment...it's the past...I'm going to turn it around... .. go.
Kim Gura, the guy I hate, is the guy I never met.
Every time I see Park Min-young's face, my face flutters ㅡㅡ I can't concentrate. Ugh. Is Park Seo-joon in trouble??
Education, character, occupation, husband, happy relationship hahahahahahahahaha
It's over
Are you giving it to your younger brother? What is Han Hyo-joo doing?
But you really look like a movie star. Your beauty is irrefutable.
If you look at the comment window because it's dirty, there are a lot of people. Do you care? There are a lot of people who are interested in it.
He's a criminal, but he's a human being so they'll investigate~~~ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
upwind
Even though they made a comeback, the current top girl group is T-shirt, and Soshi also treats the previous top-top group, TS, as if they were seniors.
Ji~~^^ I don’t think anyone will come.
Ok Tea: Namyang Dairy Products
Cheer up, Seonghoon. Let’s only walk on the flower path.
But I don’t know who Soyoung Jeong is.
Park Han-byul is so cute~
Good luck to you, Horan-unni~ Drinking is a past thing that will help you live a wonderful life in the future. It's a good way to show off~^^
It's okay to act like you're all a tist, but it's okay to make a living with 6 work high schools, 6 weeks of active high schools, and 6 years of school.
The concept of worrying about Dolmagi Recruitment... Do it in moderation, in moderation. I'm so sick of it.
I saw an article saying that couples who marry for 2 to 3 years can suddenly fall out of love and end up in danger of getting married, but I thought there was such a thing as compatibility that people can't take off.
It's a pity... They did everything wrong, but they pretend to be victims and broadcast and say Myeong High School and Activity High School are unable to participate in activities.
Does having a lot of money make you tall? Kim Gun-mo's money goes to the store with lowered eyes.
Wow
Among lovers who were completely disappointed after seeing the real thing
People in their 40s and 50s say Uno when they call their grandfather.
Acting doesn't work, so I end up playing a supporting role.
I'm so happy, don't say anything ㅡㅡ
I knew it wouldn't work ~ I'm sorry haha. My skills are terrible and I can't even sleep with my torn eyes.. Tsk tsk.
♨ There is no one who wants season 2.
Rubber Characteristics: It is said that tone is the main vocal standard rather than creativity. Anseodo, Kim Chae-won, Kwon Eun-bi, An Yu-jin, Choi Contribution, Jo Yuri, Eun 2 vocals?? DC
Your normal couple is starving, right? I just eat out
I don’t like ㅇㅅㅇ
I'll reveal who it is haha. And she's no different from Jeong Yoo-ra, who was permanently expelled from the association.
Your face and body are all beautiful. Be happy Sezel~~~
The Sixth Sense stage is really cool and the visuals are good, but why can't they only come in 4th place? ㅡㅡ I'll give them 2 points.
I've never lost my mind about sex, but if I had sex, it was rape...? I met him because I wanted an apology. There are quite a few people who were raped for the second time, so I don't know if that's the reason.
Park Rae seems so ignorant and I hate it!!
I'm sorry, but like Hoon, Hyuk's fake shoes...
Are you talking bullshit after reading the article about the girl who cheated on you? There was no mention of it happening, but spreading false information is so fucking hilarious. I hope Kim Heung-guk gets sued.
Make sure to show it like that. What are you doing in a swimsuit at night~~ It’s nice to take a picture of Jeon Hyun-moo and post it too! They press the button and even show it off on TV, distorting the program~ An obnoxious couple!
I heard about acting. If you give me enough living expenses, I can live a good life while acting well.. haha, they say I love you too.
As expected, Kyunggyu hahahaha
I love Jo Eun-jung~~ haha
It's because I didn't go to the original high school, but it would have been better if Cha Seung-won and Kim Sarang had played it.
Minjeong, is she a chiffon dress star? She was a popular star 5 years ago... The style is really not that good.
Ugh!! Yunjin is so stupid..ㅠㅠ
Jen, no matter what I say, it's hard to be sincere.
It’s also the first weekend of the semester!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just looking at the reviews makes me irritated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m glad it’s not ‘Roh Moo-hyun’
From an actor's perspective, Sunjae must have been very displeased. It was unpleasant to the third degree...
I'm saying this because I'm curious. I don't know much about the case, but Seungri is at fault. He didn't directly commit drugs, sex, assault, and sexual misconduct, right??? It's the fault of the person who was there...
Namsoo MC has nothing to do with acting, he's good at gambling, high school, drugs, drinking, and hit-and-runs, but he only gives rum to Shu?
Jam. Namgoong Min Power
Park Min-jung, did you sleep well~~ I feel refreshed inside haha. Withdrawalㅡㅡ
I can see you singing so well~~ again
Cheer up!!! I believe that you will protect me as you grow, so please don’t lose your bright appearance and keep smiling as pretty and bright as before!!! Fighting!!!
I'm going to bring my in-laws and prepare a birthday table for my mother-in-law! I wanted to score points by taking my mother, who did everything I could, and putting her through all the hardships. I don't know if I'm too greedy or immature, but I got 40!
When I saw the picture, it looked like he was originally chubby...
Last week - my nephew passed away. Please provide an article
It's not a good idea to announce someone's face like I don't know who they are.
The real Han Hye-jin. She is ㅡ ㅡ absolutely no fun!!
It's really nice to see, Raerae, live happily ever after.. Song Kim is really great..
If you're enjoying something, there's nothing to say~ hahaha. It's not okay to do things like that hahaha.
Mom and dad laugh well, so Eun smiles brightly too^^
No comments 1
... They were all judges. If it turns out to be false, will an apology with conscience be cold? If you don't take responsibility for what you say, you are no different from a criminal. Think carefully before leaving a comment.
Don’t touch Cho Yong-pil.
Visually amazing couple
Will the dinner be hearty? Haha, I can't even imagine it.
It would be wise to quit if you can.
It was cheap, it was cheap~~
eww
Um... Cheap...
ㄱㅣI have nothing to write about, so I'm writing about something else...
Well, there was nothing, right? It's so funny
Say goodbye to Min Sang well.
get old and dance
Dada summons a DET violent criminal on TV...
Handsome Timu, good-looking couple, Rigo
Have a nice love♥♥
Invermar ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I missed you ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
My friend Kim Soo-hyun is my Unseo cousin. It's adorable haha.
There are a lot of people who get serious while watching the performance lol. They hate it so much. They look at the performance and say that it is a performance and their personality blah blah blah blah. No answer.
If Gugudan doesn't make money as an actor, it's right to cut off. Kim Se-jung escapes from Gugudan's prison.
Typical Korean Jummasangji...
Kim is also of the same name as Yoo Yoo-sang-jong. I wish it were you too.
I heard that the glasses were worn out, but the glasses were worn by JTBC's Kang Ji-young, so they were worn out, right? Looking at it, I use it every day.
It was your fault as Mark Dot’s parents, but you’re such a crazy bastard that you cursed Hong Soo-hyun?
Guy Burning Moongun
MC Mong is cursing while a drug dealer is praising? There is legitimacy to the medal won through foul play. ..dog.pig.
Detwo stone already? EXO's BTS is also the guy who debuted last year, and K-Pop went bankrupt after going around?
I heard that season 3 and 4 were done after selecting all the members, but all the debutants are in trouble?? Haha
I don't tolerate bullying
Hong Jin-young, cheap shit
I grew up well. Let's make peace~
Monster couple born in Bonju
I want to get over it... It's a dream, right? Haha
Han Hye-jin, keep your mouth shut, like a fool, Koo’s relationship breakup, Jeon Hyun-moo haha.
Wang Ji-hye, 34 years old, I approve of her looks. Ramen is good enough.
Gwanghee went to the military for 10 more years instead of BTS, and he is patriotic.
Your face is big haha ​​your hair is so big haha ​​Ko So-young is old haha.
Han Seo-hee did a great job? I might get criticized
Song Ji-hyo is boring and doesn't put in effort even when the members are put down. Then the penalty is always fine. LOL
These days, I'm working hard to raise awareness. The remaining Vedas are called Megaldas, which attracts attention.
Hwang Min-hyun's eyes are purified more than other guys who are always ugly and dirty, Kian, Si-eon, etc.
A flower is a flower whether it has withered or not, and in the first place, you are a person or a flower.
Beautiful Seyoungson, I’ll let you live with water on it. Come on.
If Park Hae-mi is as glamorous as Hongo, it won't take long for Hongo to reunite. Jikdo is also sexy, so she's the most popular courtesan in the company of a rich man.
They say fans are also dogs and pigs.
Yang Se-jong hahahahaha cut it out
A normal couple ♡♡ If it’s all ♡♡
I wonder if he is leaning on a distant knight and posting a picture....Gwanjong
He passed away haha
Jang Man is not invited?
He was handsome and had a talent for solidarity and diplomacy. May he rest in peace.
In the context of Kyung-gyuong, the subject of comparison is Cha Eun-woo, which is proof that he thinks Cha Eun-woo is a representative handsome man.
It hurts more to believe that he was having an affair. So, have you seen Seojin? haha
There's no need to get caught...no cheating or extramarital affairs...there's no money for property...cool...I heard that if you get married, you'll get ripped off...should I go...???
Is Blossom Enter a criminal group? Even Seowon Son Seung-won... is in charge... pathetic bastard... come to his senses... expel everyone...
Kim Soo-mi's mother-in-law must be tired. Help me cook so I'll be happy,
Public person to replace original data
Death to a greedy manager ~ equivalent to the Moon Jae-Ang government? There was a forest fire in Gangwon-do for a long time, and Livyuni deserved to be criticized because the mayor ran by 15 pyeong each.
If you're face-to-face, you're not hugging me. Just do poetry and things like poetry. Don't post anything you're uncertain about on your personal Twitter.
Is he the one in front? Are you staying?
What do you think they donated? They must have kept it in the cold. They took care of their family and friends.
Not only was the directing good, but the content was the worst of the worst of the worst of the best of the best of the best... Run, just watch the most dramatic of dramas, take a look at Boyfriend, and you'll know what healing is and what a luxury drama is.
Don't just create controversy over something that doesn't matter, and don't make personal attacks and bite the bullet. Are you living like that?
Be strong and confidently meet a better person.
The characteristic of making malicious comments kekezenradian
Fact: When the incident occurred, my husband and I were in trouble for 20 years. Hannyeo specimen
If you're promiscuous, you're EXO's Wowongeji, and Bangtan's friend is absolute.
Songyun, who believes and filters
Execute Jeong Jun, Rigo Mok OOO
I don't like Yang Jun, but he seems like a good person, but I wonder if they post it on YouTube or in the news.
J line is so pretty
Kang Daniel is developing it.
It's boring, it's boring, it's trash
So what about ssex?
I’m watching with interest to see what kind of performance Eunseom will perform in Seodal~~ Fighting Eunseom!!!
You really endured it.. !!! I live like a half-human god...!!!! You worked hard, Tae-im unnie.
Most of the unexpected kids are like, bang hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha I’m sure it will be uncomfortable for others.
Are you really dating? Hahaha
Just do it! I'm sick of it! I think it would be better to get rid of the rest and live only with the holes....
Jo Jae-hyun, cheer up and don’t kick me ㅠ
What's your enemy and are you good at dating on TV?
A person who just criticizes and criticizes others... I don't know what he can say to others... I think he gets away with condemning others and doing things like that.
Please save me and donate.
The acting is really good, from the goblin to the creepy traitor to the comic.
Mingi's face is perfect ㅠㅠㅠㅠ He's really handsome and fits the role well ㅠㅠ I'm looking forward to the future!!
There are so many Instagram Runboms that I’m not very impressed.
He's a short, old man with double lungs and can't figure out how to do it, so he just says things lol.
Investigate and arrest Moon Jae-in for his collusion with the fraud group SM and high-ranking broadcasting executives and media! Impeachment of Moon Jae-in for promoting corruption in government affairs!
If you take out more, it will be really pretty.
The more you open the drum, the tastier it becomes.
It looks good, I’m jealous~~~
I'm looking forward to finding Lou by chance.
A daughter-in-law is an inconvenient situation for a father-in-law... Unless the father-in-law is mentally ill, is it okay to grab the daughter-in-law's hair? If her daughter-in-law was crazy, would she grab her husband's hair?
Kyeong-gyu, who raised me as a fraud, is also chara. I don't want to look bad.
Even though fans are treated as invisible people, there are people who directly point out straws. Are you relieved that they are being criticized? Are you such a bitch that you forgot everything?
The one who died is your lover and you are half human, so is this news?
Hwang Minhyun is sweet and handsome..♡
As expected, the kid I used to hang out with in high school got married to an old, rich guy. Most people in Ulsan know that I was scared when I was in high school.
My brother’s song was really good ㆍㆍ It was the most popular ㆍ It was even better because he composed it all
What is Park Hwan-hee???
The quality of the music is the 3rd quartet of music, and the music video stage doesn't cost money.
The more you gain weight, the more attractive you become to crabs. On the other hand, sexual power also declines.
roo? You mean Taejin puppet?
Park is a pretty person, and one of them hit the drip machine on the water machine during school lunch. He's just a no-answer, so why are you making a fuss like a pot because you feel sorry for him? Haha. He's just a toothbrush that he made by picking a group of no-answers ㅇㅇ
None? I like singer Kim Soo-min better... All I have to say is that I like people who are public figures as lovers~~
Please give me Altari Man, Kkakdugi Man, and Gat Kimchi Man ㅠㅠ
It's really funny and scary to see an article appear on the main page just because you're not wearing a bra. Is it great? Right or wrong? ㅁㅊ Humans from the Joseon Dynasty. How can you tighten your castle like this?
Kim Soo-chan did a good job. Those who ring the trot are being given good scores. The judging door is revealed.
When I was expressionless, I felt like my eyes were brushing my teeth, but the facial expression is definitely not wrong. Isn't that the same for all Marines?
Are you getting dumped by Do-gyun and Hyun-joo for running like that?
Turn the train room around....
Are you an American bitch? I thought about getting into an accident and running away to America and getting scolded by a black taxi driver. The hospital probably uses all of Korea’s medical insurance.
What about your face?
If you're 53 years old, you'll be like Kwak Bu-seong... congratulations.
Because of Se-ho's involvement, the Salvation Sect has become like a trash group, but it's just a religion? There is a religious reason, but Seho was punished for poor management.
He’s handsome, but the proportion of people in their 40s is not high. Ugh.
Respect is haha. Respect is added to that. Minjung also respects you??? It's the same, but what is it?
The episode is not fun. Just do it with the new male member. The episode is really not fun.
Did you say that you swear and that you promise are all done at the same time? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Park Rae is really on the airwaves, but his ugly appearance makes me change the channel.
Your mother-in-law is very nice
In today's world where there are many people with disabilities that prevent them from having children, it might be wise to get married after getting married.
There's a bit of a buzz in the comments....
Anchovy-type sullihae
I will always look forward to it.
Are you in the military?
I always want Gongvely ❣ Actor Gong has a good personality, so of course Hee fans also go.
What can't you explain? Beauty correction~
I think most of the members knew
Who is the gangster?
It's a pity, he was a talented T-shirt, but even if things went wrong, he still has a lot of fans, so I hope he can come back in good shape soon!!
As expected, it's my destiny. Congratulations on the marriage of Woo Hyo-gwang and Chu-hyeon couple. I wish you two a happy life. I hope So-hyeon couple doesn't come. Chicken meat.
Look happy. But it's a pity that I don't have any energy.
I know you're in good shape, but you're an exhibitionist.
It's so fun~~~
Holy Land Comment: Honkisamteok within 3 years
.. Yeonnam? I would watch it if Jongseok had decided, but looking at the story, Juju and Namjoo will take a backseat.. Even if I write about his acting skills, it's a story worth mentioning.. It's a movie about Jongseok's military service, but I think again.. He's just childish and has a rough nose.
The agency's reaction to the joke was sincere.
Hmm.. Did Hyeon-rang have sex?
Jo Soo-hyang?? Mr. Lim Soo-hyang?
Everyone dies from cancer.
deceased? There are really a lot of kids with low intelligence in the world haha.
No...I won't tell you if it is...okay?
It's okay to get rid of drug dealers in entertainment, but Blackpink/Wei/Con are all drug dealers too.
Comment There Are Only Angels seems to be a production with cameras rolling. A friend's daughter without a mother is standing there with cameras rolling.... I'm negative.
I'm looking at an old maid in her 30s/40s with nothing to do, a jealous lover, a dog and a pig.
Looks really greedy..
Mother and daughter are the same. The mother is also innocent. Jang Yoon-jung is full of money, but it seems like everything that came from the beginning is the same.
I've never seen a sports drama this interesting before~~ Baek Seung-soo was such a talented drama.
I remember Han Eun-jeong when she was a rookie. I was so good at acting as a villain that I went to report on him in the middle of the night. Cotyledon was different. It's easy to not stand out
If you eat again, Sisae, you will come back to me. I hope you control your diet ㅡDart yo-yo experienceㅡ
I went to buy it and it was my life. I want actor Jang Dong-yoon ♥
As long as the chef's food tastes good, what's wrong with being weak? What's wrong with the soul? What's wrong with the unknown? We're not even lovers in the first place.
Get off your level. SBS Bong Tae-gyu is crying out for an urgent role in a drama.
Kyung-Gyu-hyung has the highest viewer ratings
Jeolla-do Tubo
Are you an idiot Kim Heung-guk?: You're so rat-crazy that you can't even report it lol These days, if you beat something in the middle, it's all reported, so if you're going to hit me, you'll beat me like a bitch. It's different.
Junyoung looks happiest when he’s with Youngjae!
It was difficult, but I found Hong Jin-young's voice. But are you a complete idiot who doesn't know how to compose music? Are you hearing impaired?
A fashionista no matter what you wear..
Are you a modern gangster?? I thought he had at least some experience as a gangster...I think he was bullied during his school days.
The chief prosecutor's tailgating is over and he is trying to catch the higher-ups.
ㄹㅇ Gwanjong....
If you stop breastfeeding, you can just use powdered milk! Even if you hold your breast all the time, you are on the internet news!
It seems like they're turning off YouTube BJs that are too sad.
Haha, there is a list that will be treated as black history.. There are also works that are not in progress.
I saw Baek Jong-won’s Chinese restaurant and it wasn’t delicious.. Pay attention to your own chain.
Who are you imagining? I saw that it was still alive
The left wing barrel is bad.
Are you a Kang Ji-hwan fan? If you're locked up, will you use your cell phone? Do you drink at other people's houses? What are you asking for?
To be honest, if Jang Woo-hyuk can control his stubborn personality well, he will go.
GD's face has changed. After seeing his fortune...
How can you be a lover with a face like Hwasa?
Choi Choi-ni, write well. It's a pity, and you're the target of public outrage. Did you get away with it?
I burst out laughing when I saw that I had a teacher. Haha, really. Haha, is this the contemplation of living alone? lol
Sister, you’re cool, soduda, sodoo
Suddenly lung cancer ㅠ no story plot
I hope my husband Jang Dong-gun loses.
Even if you make good money, put tax evasion to death.
It's a shame to see Koreans who used to look the best in the world...
I can’t even express my facial expression, it’s Korean, tsk tsk
It was like Han Hye-jin, Jeon Hyun’s unlikability seemed like it was going downhill.
Yoon Se is good, but it’s a boring drama.
If anything, I see you as a good businessman.
Seyeonseo PD Kim Tae-ho's property is being stolen, but when he explains. How can an MBC-level unit be sold for over 4 billion won? There is no half of Seyeon's analysis??
Just live quietly. Unless you watched it on TV or on the internet. Let’s not blush!!
I’m eating this kid’s food because it’s good, you’re a pig and a pig haha.
Run, fill me with food so I can come to my senses
He's a talented Fram, but there isn't a single funny kid... I just think he's a good person.
Do Kyung-hwan is just so special... I don't know if he's right, but it feels like he's creating something unknown.
Park Han-byul is not guilty. Her husband is guilty... What can you say to Park Han-byul?
Report on controversy, Sangmin, I'm sick of you, stop.
I feel sorry for Hanchae. Do you have a male job? Tell me not to lie. Is the Shilla Hotel a small wedding? I have a lot of money there.
Kangin is unfair. Don’t go on a witch hunt. To put it that way, everyone who was in Jung Joon-young's group chat room is subject to investigation. Fram, maybe one or two group chat rooms that I only touched on once?
ㅉㅉㅉ I'm going to charge what I want.
Isn't it hard to admit that you're sleeping? If you see it in person, you can't even say anything.... Son Seung-yeon~ Fighting~!!!
..Baek Jong-won is boring. If only you had come
You're like a psychopath
Among the guests, Tak Jae-hoon is there, right? Who writes poetry?
Why worry if you don't act?
I will never forget your mime performance.
Sung-Hoon, you’re crazy!
You don't need it all, Ku Hye-sun is pretty. If you're pretty, you can do it. No matter what your personality is... If you're pretty, it's a world where you can do whatever you want.
I wish MBC would do weekend dramas again ㅠㅠ
Wow, 19 years~ It's amazing! Cherry~ Just do your best and cheer up ㅠBut I want to see Cherry.........................
Spit on your face
I'm still singing these days~~ I guess it's easy because it hasn't caught on~~~ ㅜㅜ
Dokki..is..ri cool..
Kim Dong's criticism is so stinging. If you live life straight, you will be stung by the city council labor.
Irresponsible like Yoon Dujun
Lim Hyeon-joo is so pretty, Lim Hyun-joo-chan is so lovely♡
Lynn Boipdika’s greed is endless.
Are you forcing your dad to be considerate of you because he made you pregnant?
Everyone gets old...
What on earth is the government trying to hide by blaming innocent people like this?
I heard that Snow is fully edited.
Seok-hoon seems to sing better than Kim Jin-ho.
There is no internal strife, you are a beauty. Please make an appearance together. I really enjoyed it.
That's why they bully people like that~~~~~ I heard they're famous, but it's disgusting. Dig it.
It's like a camouflaged wedding hall
I'm in a relationship and my face is fresher.. I don't have bangs.. my face shape. It's a lot longer than before... when I smile, both sides...
I’m pregnant before marriage~~ I’m with you hahahaha
It's ugly~ but it's a bitch~
Wow, 19 kg in just two months ㄹㅇ human victory
These days, dog and cat pet culture is going well... ㅠㅠ Is that a good thing? I am truly disappointed and angry.
I want to be the youngest daughter of the family
From what I've seen, Han seems to be just seeing other people. Soon, there might be an article saying he's dating Kian. For some reason, Han seems to be interested in Kian haha.
The comment is crazy haha. I'm giving a damn about Fan Bingbing, who ignored the laws in China and did something illegal. My head is empty. Even if it's an uncivilized country in communist China, do you want a bitch who did something illegal?
Sangjinsam is a mathematical essay genius~^^
If it's Jungwoo's dad, can't we talk about it?
Kewil's voice and singing method are not old, even in concerts
Honestly, I think the best actor in Korea is Jeonghyeon TOP. Jeon Do-yeon and Daum High School are honestly trash. She's just a bad girl who pretended to be an actress. ㅇㅈ?
Even if Giseo criticizes me, he says that if it's an article that takes a picture of a YG lover, it's a good thing haha.
Zen Actor? Yuhankukdang is dirty, do it in moderation
It's a shame... I want Ahn Jae-hyun
But honestly, I don't think there's any doubt as to whether it's an illegal business or not... I'm sure they all know it's an entertainment establishment...
Cheer up ^^ I always want it ^^!
I hope you live happily and proudly
I'm crying for no reason... I'll pray for the day when I can see the love I miss.
It must have been CG. Did you actually realize it?
Jackie Chan's mistress, who is said to be a lesbian, seems to be a writer who has been kicked out of the feud...
I was in tears ㅠㅠㅠ.... I really feel like an angel because I take after my mother’s heart.
The Republic of Korea is an amazing nation. People who are good at singing. A population of 50 to 50 million people. They have a strong sense of pride and cannot compromise. Their ethnicity is unique. As expected, each individual is good.
Is Yoo Byung-jae a cat?... Is he a sick person?? No sincerity
Jang Yoon-jung's song makes me emotional and brings tears to my eyes, but she's so emotionally drained that the mechanical song is the same and she can't sing the song. I don't know if she won first place, but the vote was rigged.
More and more final answers
In my view, opening the door is the only way to open the door. These days, I open the door only to think it's okay...
Everyone who mentions Running Man is from elementary school lol. He also cursed at Jung Hyung-don like that lol. He said he was retiring. It's natural for him to watch lover's TV. Haha. He got into an accident.
The real jewels in the jewel box are T-shirts like CL... I think putting a jewel box in something you clearly know is just playing with the fans. I thought Yang Hye-seok was nervous, but I didn't expect to see such a stupid development.
Song Hye-kyo just needs to stay quiet and make excuses. I'm intertwined with every male lover I've filmed and I really want to be like that.
I heard that Yoon Mi-rae and JK cheated and cheated on each other, so they went through all the trouble and are still promoting. I hope it goes well.
has more cooking skills than face. But your face is pretty too.
Are you even human?
It's still better than Chunhyang
Goo Hye-sun's SNS makes me remember Ahn Jae-hyun's witch hunt.
Great actor, you never did anything wrong. Cheer up.
The couple that I hate to see the most. They confessed that they were Zimmer. Niedermann, who was also the lead actor, succeeded in making their faces known.
Kim Jong-guk, the happiest moment in your life was when you showed off your muscles and didn’t go to the military? lol
There must be academic corruption. Let’s track it down.
If you're jealous, you'll lose, but I'm jealous, you're so cool!
bts jjangji
Not a single actor who reflects on himself agrees
There was also an interview article posted in which he explained that he had never attended an American briefing session. Could you please take it down? And there are no hard facts, just the contents of the complaint, so please take care of your conscience if you swear unconditionally http://naver.me/5h07ulzU
Cha Eunwoo is a new level high school student.. Kyunggyu is a C level high school student. Rub it, rub it, grandpa.
Kim said it was you... it was you!!
Are you going to make a mistake and then eat it?
Yujima
I thought I wouldn't be able to live and get divorced, so what did I choose?
But are you really saying that? It seems pathological, but isn't there always a reason for the bereaved family to keep things private?
When you're sitting there watching a drama? Candidate Cho Kuk, I will protect you. Please sign the national petition. If you face it, it will work because it is native language.
Do you like going abroad?
Every night, really hard. I can see you losing weight more than ever.
Are you mentally losing weight like that?
How can I catch your stupid video? I hope you come, look at your face ^^
In reality, I don't like Kim Dong, let alone Cha Eun-woo, who has had plastic surgery.
Three years have passed. Sleep well~
I wonder if the situation is right for me. I'm going to make money, but it won't work in Korea, and I'm probably very afraid of how I'll receive the god who asked questions in the finals. Shu, it's not good. Let's give it what we want.
Just scold me,,,,life is short,, if you knew we were meant to be, don’t break up and let me go.God~~
Meow la. You are both a small person and the person who wields the small piece is also you. Just take a look at the plot. It's just drama. Don't be mistaken with reality, and don't become a powerful person who wields power.
Gatizen witch hunt is disgusting, really.
Well, I’ll get married soon
The affiliated malicious comment mall is scary. I heard there has never been a single story of someone suffering from malicious comments from Sulli's Notebook.
I can't hear Dongnam Jumma's song, but the noise level is loud.
Shincheonji Prosecutor
I heard that Jang Yeon's agency was leaked ㅡㅡ I will buy it ㅠ There are quite a few questions ㅡㅡ
Kang Daniel+Park Ji-hoon+Woong Seong-woo, especially Kang Daniel. The whole country knows
ㅠㅠ Three haha, I have a lot of money, so what~~
I see that the proportion of people in their 30s is high, so I understand why Go So is so young ^^ I'm serious, but I honestly don't see people in their 30s~^^
As expected, it's the worst
It's really cool ㅠ
It's an unreasonable number, but it's fun haha.
I feel like I'm encouraging this... I'm dating a young girl, so I can't do that?
Cheer up... I'm 53 years old when it comes to acting, but I have everything to do. I believe in my character... Cheers
There are so many bitches who look at the tomb so seriously that it's hilarious these days. Martial arts is also a ruined Yugido. In the heyday of martial arts, the level was a joke.
I strongly support Jung Woo-sung. We actively support accepting refugees. Please give generous support to the government to help refugees thrive.
The end of martial arts is good~
Who is this?
What on earth are you thinking about? I don’t even know if I’m embarrassed and I’m telling you to take it off.
I feel sorry for the riverside. The TV face was also there.
Namgoong Min is trustworthy!
Kim Saeng-min, victim of the flower snakeㅠㅠ I believe the truth will be revealed!!
I don't want to worry about other people's dating history, but they say they're dating, but they don't show it to me and ignore me, so it's annoying from a city hall perspective. We just want to watch Fram. If you watch TV to see the cold atmosphere, do it in moderation.
Director Seo’s form is perfect.
Lime play...is this your lover's toy?? Stay still, feet.
Are you angry about the kiss?
I'm scared
I'm going to do two different things...I see you keep showing your face.
Eyes, nose, lips and breasts all tuned ㅠㅠ
As expected, Choi Jin-hyuk's acting is amazing ㄷㄷㄷㄷ
There are so many people who believe in Jikdo Jinseol every time lol It's 2010 too. Do you want to live through the ages??
Mr. Kyung, raise your eyes high.ㅡㅡ
It looks like genitals may be exposed too...
You can drink weed. You can't listen to good songs sober.
I changed my mind... Do you want to be a lover after making changes like this?
head. Who did it like?? wound.
Cheer up, sister!! May the deceased rest in peace.
Hmm...but will I get married if I don't have any kids?
Say goodbye to your brother-in-law Min Sang.
Hyewon is really pretty... Lee Won is also growing up, so she will have a pretty face when she grows up. Ahn Jung-hwan's family looks pretty these days. I hope you're happy♡
People who don't know that picking flowers for someone will cause a lot of problems, so I can't help but sigh because I'm saying something to apologize to.
What was left on the contract?? If it were you, I would be in league with YG.
Living in Lanam Taejang is hard and it's a huge responsibility, but these days, I can even take care of my family ㅠㅠ
I'm just grateful. Come back quickly
Looks classy, ​​stubborn, and smart
The more he talks, the less power he has.... ㅜ
Han Hye-jin has a lot of cuts, thanks to her two boyfriends.. She is a model who is recognized by improving her personality and speaking habits.
Kim Yoo-seok is like an older brother because he is a virgin, and Jang Mi-hee is set up in a pretty flowery setting.
Don't just have fun, try to do it profitably ~~ Recommended by Seo Jang-hoon
“Surprisingly, a wife in her 60s who lives a good life is also an alcoholic... It was more outrageous than a drama.”
I remember Kim Seong-su, Hye-bin's mother, and I came to see something like a foot observation when Hye-bin wasn't even one year old... I enjoyed doing that, so I was shocked when the incident happened.
I always voted for Yoon Ji-sung to become popular. He really has a lot of fans.
Kim Dong is disgusting. He's a bully who loses 700 million won in annual salary... Aren't you ashamed of the instigator, Si-chong Rune's 1st place? 700 million
Confession must have been difficult, but it looks great ^^
I'm jealous of Hyeonyoung's breasts being sucked and touched.
Han Hye-jin said she wanted to meet Jeon Hyun-moo, but Jeon Hyun-moo was not mentioned. The KBS target is Kim Dong, right?
Congratulations on your success in promoting the album.
There are people who are addicted to amazing dramas, but if it's okay~ I enjoyed it, so I watched it sparingly, so don't worry about people criticizing it and work hard^^! I can't even see the comments haha
Hahaha Go Hyunseok..... Didn't Jikdo lose his grit to brush his teeth? lol
Do it in moderation. I did something wrong, Nijian.
Is this the late Kim Do-hoon? A soccer player?
You're a lover, all the criticism... I don't go to other clubs, so just be affectionate...
I am heartbroken after reading Choi Jeong-hoon's heartfelt writing. There are many fans who believe and wait just like the speculative article. I am upset. Cheer up~^♡^
He said he was cool, but he has a hidden daughter.
After all, business
The songs of the Jumma era also failed, so let’s sing this song
It's wise. Rather than communicating with the public, SNS is actually a form of indulgence.
I'm so thirsty ㅜ
Think about it. If someone next to you freaks out, would you kill them? It's all responsible. In particular, those who directly kill will receive greater punishment. Won’t you?
Ku Hye-sun!! I always want you!! Take care of your baby like you are now. I trust you... stay strong!!
It is natural for parents to have children... haha.
The only normal whale mother
Goddess~~~~~There were times when I was praised~~~~~ It was a lot of fun~~~~I’m sorry~~~ It was all over.
Taking drugs is not the right thing to do and you probably know it. I wish you strength.. I think about it a lot, but I'm glad I didn't take it. I hope you get through the difficult times ahead.
Don't lament that your parents' life has become a mess. Is your week enough? Are you going to admit your parents' sins and apologize to them? Hee, it's your parents' fault that it's over. First of all, it's because you can't do anything but yourself.
Is there any evidence that Choi Yul was sexually harassed as if he was trying to make his name known???
Honestly, if I was going to give the grand prize to Camellia, I would have given it Gangneul. . Does Gong Hyo-jin have acting skills? well? I feel like it's not enough and I feel like I'm in tears.
Yuri seems to have made a decision to get married to an old man. She doesn't like an old man, so she marries him. Honan-myeon risks her life and dies.
If you keep getting pregnant, you have no concept.
If you didn't touch Moon Jae-in's presidential election twice during the Roh Moo-hyun administration, it means you will never be able to appoint Moon Jae-in's close associates. LOL OOO.
The woman who was sucking on her husband is the answer.
Do you know that Grandpa Ji is getting married to Rinrang Kiko? Hahahaha thank you for the hard work on the ingredients.
Hwang Min-hyun, you always stole my heart, Min-hyun... there's only one person
Report from the rooftop writer
Just do it ㅡㅡ
Please reunite Seol♡Jinwoo, Taerang and Rang won’t resonate haha.
Funny-looking guy, are even runny guys lovers these days?
Is it also in the public interest??? Are you at least level A???
Is it true that you even put on soldier lipstick??
There's a lot of talk about other people's wallets. He buys Gallery Furre, a part that's not in the top 10 in Korea. He's worth over 2 billion won, but even an unknown actor seems to be living well in a house. If you look at him in real life, he can't even hand out a business card. I didn't know much about it at the time, but it's because of the storm I happened to see.
The interpreter was cute haha. He felt safe and had a good time~
Good comments are deleted, so don't pay attention to Hye-sun's comments as someone's comment is just a prank~^^
Jo Jae-hyun’s food is all the same.
10,000 la
Beautification of the past. It's a fact that Seo Taiji praised Seo Taiji and said he was a genius, but it didn't take off because it was a song that was heavily promoted.
No matter which class I was in, I was the one who was interested in Lovelyz, so I thought it would have been better if they had paid attention and been patient until the end, and after reading this post, I thought that I took the class for granted. Anyway, it was a fun week.
Haha, what are you doing, cut off ties with your daughter and save her? Haha, the kimchi girl really lost everything and cursed at everyone. Haha, the world's No. 1 expeditionary kimchi girl.
Don’t let your feet go to society again!!!!
Except for Don Sparks, I don't like the cast so I have no intention of watching it.
Please stay with Sangsangam.. I definitely want to watch a weekend drama ㅠㅜ
It seems like the color of my eye makeup has changed.. What has changed?? I think only the tone has become lighter..
He's kind at heart... but he looks like he's reflecting on his behavior. I wish I could finish the run and send it home.
Gujjang is happy too
Acting is good. Rae-doo's partner actor is right. It's okay to play the younger brother. As if Mi-yeon-jum is the ex-husband, he will be the best.
It's Moon, a local guide in Thailand who didn't tell me about it. There is nothing wrong with the legal team and the girl who looks like Park Ji-yoon.
Taesik came home?
The light seems to heal Emma when she is in danger.
Park Bo-young’s Bridge Dance
Naive viewing that goes beyond the main plot and the script. Even if you know and feel it well, you are still immersed in it.
As for Yu Haean, a child who dies will never die...
How can I make money? I spend hundreds of millions on hormones.
Is Hyunmoo Jeon’s comet like this?? What do you dislike?? Are you talking to your ex without consideration?? Hondo doesn't seem to have any problem, but everyone is guessing that Jeon Hyun-moo is being treated like trash...
You’re welcome
Hong Jin-young is more powerful than Sang-yoon
There are so many people who hate Jung Joon-young... Is this nonsense?
I haven't even started crying yet. If Hye's real daughter is revealed in episode 20, I'll be able to handle it~~
Amazing 27 days later
It's nice to wear a bikini, but I wish I had smaller breasts... I can't wear a bikini because I'm a mother, so breast cleavage is fine. I don't think it's a good idea to give me a half-body top... Even if I don't have it, I would at least look at the middle picture.
Shin Dong-yup, I can't believe you're good at acting.
Seo Yuri is close
The 2nd man's house. I can't just blame him. I hope it becomes clear...
I'm going to go to the middle of the day, I'm going to go to the middle of the day, and I came last year without even dying~~
Honestly, when it comes to musicality alone, I think it's true that Big Bang is behind.
There is no week in dramas.
I will forget that Ji Ahn Jae-hyun and Ku Hye-sun got married... I will always remember that Ku Hye-sun's nipples were ugly...
Are you going to buy it?
The gender ratio between men and women haha. Most of the comments are from those in their 30s and 40s haha. I always see makjang dramas like chaebols and common man mans dramas. After watching run dramas, I see empty-headed moms in their 30s and 40s, of course. Haha.
I’m Jumma??
Do-Jun's character is confirmed and he is cut off after leaving the military.
Jurassic is the best movie ever ㄷㄷㄷ Political and social instigation, forced laughter, screen monopoly, actor sucks, destroy the movie.
Gu... Rin, I guess you couldn't close your eyes in peace... J... I hope you grow up strong with the help of those around you... Jae-geun will live forever in my heart... May he rest in peace....
I'm bored, Youngseok
It's really pretty.
If you sue for defamation, you will receive an answer.
Even if you did it, you were tainted by Hwang for 15 years. Get rid of Park Yoo-chun. The essence of it was Seungri, drugs, collusion between politics and business, and a rotten government.
Look at me getting emotional about potential criminals haha.
They say it's going to end, but there's a lot of talk, but anyway, I can't date, so I feel the heat.
I feel sorry for Wonman ㅠㅠ
The standard for handsome men is gradually declining haha.
