
Don't pay lungi.
Even though I'm on TV and receiving attention from the camera, my face... ㅜㅜ I recognize my body haha.
Don't disgrace men with your tongue
There is a lot of evidence for sexual crimes. Most of the victim's testimony evidence. If you have a brain, isn't it easy to think about the situation and find evidence? The prize is that the brain is not thrown all over the place.
Why is there such an uproar because they even killed Choi Jong-beom? If we like each other and win, we can resolve the issue. Anyway, everyone is tired.
Women are really jealous lol.
The face was a fairy from the past?? TS Yeon is prettier
Sean Seo Hyun was a cute and cute member hahaha I also liked the song 24/7 and congratulations!
I'm so excited
....How I feel....Can my family bear it?
Women are my style, I want to steal them
I would like to see. And congratulations
no mother
Hmm.......just do it in moderation.
Put Crazy Whale on the show, honestly, Seo Hyun-jin.
It's childish ㅠㅠ
What kind of bitch is the main personality? Damn it haha.
I hope you two don't come. I really don't want to be a loser...
I used to get so mad every time I saw the idiots keep hitting on Hogu's Love, but now that I see it, I'm all happy.
Park Bom’s mentality is shit
Do you have a double for the bad scenes? Bad scenes may be because they can't relieve their desires... touching radishes... All humans have bodies that can't help but feel instinctively, but instinctive feelings come from acting, right?
It's a total mess...
The smoke is a bit different, but if you spray it, it's a big hit...lol.
Very pretty young lady
Hyeonmu... throw it away
The face is scary ㅜㅜ
Korean bitches don't even think about their level. If you want to live by catering to everyone's wishes, your car will last at least 20 years. If you met a husband who makes a lot of money, you'll know that you'll be grateful. When you fill up, you'll pay more. Jingle jingle.
It’s dirty because you’re a man??? Go to the coffee shop during the day. Isn’t it dirty that the jummas gather together in Samsan and are afraid to talk about men??? Men and women are dirty, so don't swear at them.
It's so fun and healing.
Tony Stark >>>>>>>>>> BTS
Are you the same person? Who pushed you on your back? Don't give up. I don't even want to look at you. Those who watch public opinion.. I guess they lived behind public opinion. Get punished and reflect on yourself.
It's okay for Joon-young to meet Inspector Min, but what does it mean to meet Ho-cheol, whom Young-jae was chasing... I think it's the same situation... Inspector Min just didn't confess to Young-jae, and Young-jae didn't get angry when he saw Du-ram in the hospital.
When I saw Kang Daniel getting caught by the hair, I couldn't believe it. If I just rank him as the best, it's over. ㅠㅠ All kinds of people are rushing at me ㅋㅋㅋ
I scolded you for no reason. You were angry.
As a manipulative manipulative SM slut show man, don't beg and talk, take Jeon Hyun-moo with you and go away. Beg as a guest on a girdle manipulation show and get off with Jeon Hyun-moo, don't you brush your teeth^^ ♡♡♡♡
Is it cool to sell your body at a bar? lol
Jeon Ji-hyun said that she wants to create a foundation in the future. She is a big star who dreams of a life of giving. The reason she has maintained her position for 10 years is because she has the direction of a healthy life without worrying about what Tizens say.
Is it a good match?
Spray it hot~~ You look so handsome..
Have fun Su-geun~~~~
The mountain is nice
Yoo Jae-seok and Park Myung-soo go again. It was really fun. Yoo Jae-seok, who always picks up other people's comments and is boring. Park Myung-soo used to look funny, but now he's got his hair done and made up, and you're no fun at all. No wit, no passion.
What's wrong with you guys....there's nothing wrong with Macrodot
Jjimni overflowing
It doesn't matter if you wear a bra or not. But you're wearing such frivolous clothes, who wouldn't give you a quick glance? If you say you don't like eye rape, then what are you doing? I'll live on a deserted island
3 This is a person with an impact worth 1.2 billion won. Everyone just mocks me? If you don't know much, you shouldn't speak carelessly.
Ham So-won is pretty~~ Pretty, hold on! Have a safe delivery~
Yuk Jong-wan is a really nice guy, and he has no loyalty and is pretending to be a good cosplay just because he is taking a cut of his own income?
Haha Shiroma, it didn't work out. I made up my mind.
X1's level of popularity seems to be less than 1/20th of WoWON's. The members are not attractive.
They say Yu is good at everything, but I wonder if there are a lot of negative comments about Yu Gi. Personally, I personally think that Yu is a good actor and if he goes on well, he is better than Suzy.
It resonates well. I like Hyejin while watching Honsan.
Honestly, I’m jealous that you got married well.
The leggings were sold out, so I became an official model for Didas, and a lot of the products were sold out, so I'm maintaining 8 personal ads. I heard they filmed it early this year. Why are they making such a fuss about it not working? Haha. You're saying they're criticizing the kids who can't go to their lovers, right? If it goes well, I won't be mad at other lovers^^
Ji Jin-hee's acting is not good ㅠㅠ
I can't express in words the absurdity of insisting on your center.
It's all karma. Kim Gura gave me this advice. I hope you're happy.
Even if you waste a lot of money, you'll be ransacking it all.
Really cool
You sing well and you are sincere. Won♡♡♡
Kang Su-ji is crazy
Pretty Autumn Studio
The minutes were boring~~ㅠ
If you leave it to me, I'll lose it~ I'll live well, just leave it to me~~~
Nigo, one it one, wonwongu, I’m sorry, I’ll rope you in. My wife is rich.
It's funny. Among the members, Rahal bit one of the members, but recently he opened the door, so the whole person got washed up. Haha, the new guy is a bitch.
Reporter: To be honest, Jin, who looks like Run from the front and back, is one of the most popular Jins among Korean women who have KakaoTalk.
Is it good for a voluntary childless couple? I heard the more I get, the happier I am.
Palace losing due to non-payment of wages to employees
Did you edit the broadcast while drinking to cut the kid? You couldn't prepare the table with good ingredients.
A singer who came out of obscurity through Miss Trot sings Korean traditional music at a concert. People say Korean traditional music is weak.
!! I can't believe that everyone except my in-laws lived together in my in-laws' house. It's really crazy!! ㅋㅋㅋ It was a complete sitcom while watching it. Everyone seems to have a good personality and there are a lot of strong people who can do it. ㅋㅋㅋ I hope your mother-in-law gets well soon as well.
It's like KakaoTalk, but even if you get married, you won't notice it. I've experienced it.
Wowon G. .
I don't want to let go. Please pay for your sins and return to good TV activities. I'll be waiting for you.
I don't know who they are, but these days, I'm putting on a lot of girl group singers..
Are you the right prodigy? Is it Super Junior's remake stage or has a prodigy body?
Ugh, the comment smells like menstrual worms and leaks blood.
The new sexy scene resonated well, but the concept is a bit easy haha.
I committed a hit and run while driving without a license, but the court gave me leniency.
I heard that Pyeongmi is inciting lesbianism?
The comments are damn conservative, but the current administration is leftist.. Park Geun-hye did something wrong.
Snow itself is correction, so what are you talking about? Go So-young is great ^^^^^^
Even with my friends, Cho Seong-ji's thumb line is no fun, and painting is no fun. Those at the broadcasting station who don't notice.
Are you a professional? What do you want to show? How on earth are you going to open a cafe? It's hard to imagine in reality!! Isn't this rude to people who are truly their home...?
The grandmother actor is a face you often see on TV... It would have been different if it had been a new festival.
When I saw it, I was shocked to see it hit hard.
Park Min-young... scandals every time she films a drama
I had very high expectations...it wasn't as good as I thought...the battle scene felt very short out of the 3 hour running time.
Have you given anything to your ㅡㅡㅋ? You're living well after having a baby. If you're going to talk rudely, at least give the baby an ear.
I have no right to criticize someone for committing a crime outside of the law.
In Korea, paternal love and maternal love are overrated. The parents who gave birth to a child are themselves guilty of a sin. Since you gave birth, it is natural to continue to take responsibility.
I was a fan of the drama Seo Yacht Channel. Cheer up.
It's not that good~
As expected, lovers and athletes are filtered out.
He's a kid who gets punished, gets into a swearing battle, and then he's a resentful bastard who makes a kid,,, Hee-dong goes to a kegsang-do with deep-rooted corruption and spreads gwamegi,,, lol.
The gorgeous beauty that captivates everyone who sees it is by far the most unrivaled and overwhelming ♡
As a big fan of Kiki, I can see that Kim Jung-hyun is trying hard to get rid of the comical unknowns. Please praise him as an actor, Seohyun fans, that's right.
I wanted to see a romantic drama between two people, and I wish it was you...
If you want to build friendship, don't hesitate to donate.
As for the reporter who wrote the article, I always went out to dinner with my co-workers and had a few drinks to read the article, but... I wonder if I can't do it because I'm drunk, but I just can't stand it.
Wow, you’re so childish.
Goodbye~ I will remember you as a great actor.
Daughter of Jeolla-do Hong Jin-young Yeora Eumaejingdeongkkae
Song Ga-in, national treasure singer~~the best
Well, if you explode a stone, the ripple effect will be big.
There are a lot of actresses who are more talented, prettier, and better than her, but why do they keep casting her as the lead in dramas?
It doesn’t ring a bell~ Mando and the window display must be lovers~~ If they wanted to get married, they must have done it right away~~ They are all foxes~~
I'm going to be annoyed by the fire, I'm going to be hurt, I'm going to end up suffering a lot.
It's really pretty~~
It’s finally turning ㅠㅠ I’ve been waitingㅠㅠ
Don't try hard. I respect you, sister. It must have been supported by my parents' financial resources. There are a lot of kids who go abroad to study and have fun instead of studying.
Well done. Choose someone who promotes condoms.
Is it okay for you to be more careful about your behavior as a public figure? Does plastic surgery get permission from the public? You must be really tired, Mr. Gura ㅜㅜ
There must be something. Would the author write using people’s words? What kind of viewers are there??
It's the beginning. Baek Jong-won, who instigates Baek Jong-won's rain, surprises. Do you pay for Baek Jong-won's franchise advertising fees? If you pay for an hour, it's a billion dollars. ㅆ B ㄹ Rain that makes your brain go crazy, Bingshin's eyes, a spoonful of sugar that's even delicious.
If you're Jung Joon-young's best friend, I'll know without you having to say anything.
I'm suspicious of guys over 78 to 79180, as you're tall and over 180. Even if you don't hold my doubts, you look tall with good proportions.
My husband and in-laws who waited so long... they are truly amazing.
Your daughter looks really attractive~~ I think she will grow up to be a model.
What's the hassle? These days, that drip is fucking hilarious. Let's go listen to MC Moo-hyun's song ㅅㄱ
An actress who is good at acting and eats hard ~ She seems to have a tough personality when it comes to playing the role of a manager,,,
dilga disaster moon moon
!!! Choi Soo-jong's pathetic acting and pathetic writing. Disappointing in the quality of the drama.
I am the one who listened to Tepro's Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Rest in peace in a place without pain.
You sound regretful, you lost the case
Hello~~~ A man is so bored that he wants to abandon a woman~~ Everyone, act like people who have never been married~~
I hope Yoo Seungjun dies too.
Park Rae and Jeon Hyun-moo were good. It looked like this to my eyes.. I don't know now.
I'm glad that the same impersonator won this season. In the past, the emphasis was on singing rather than impersonation, so an unexpected winner came...
It seems like you have a lot of anger inside. Now that you have become parents, please respect and be considerate of each other. It won't work if you don't have something. You also said I said it, as if you were embarrassed while looking at the screen.
Jongseok and Han Hyo-joo haven't watched dramas since the drama. Was it 2 years ago?? It was fresh. But who on earth watches the Run opening drama, it's only perverts who watch it. Normal people change the channel.
Even though Hyun has a boyfriend, her lips are the same as that of her boyfriend, which is why her fans are so impressed. Treatment as you wish? If it reaches county level, it is a public good. That's why life management is required to become a public official.
Henry Nojam
Lose is a real loser...treating trainees like objects.
As I said before, just do it small and small. They are lenient towards men who are prostitutes.
When the radish dries, you can do it ㅠㅜ
~~Most of the people who came were married, but there were also couples...
There is a strong possibility that the broadcasting station guys are conspiring.
There was no mention of Park Soo-hong, he was busy. Cheer up Cody. May the souls of the deceased refrain
Those old beggars who are so hungry are busy criticizing young people with lots of money. LOL. Their lives are miserable.
Does this guy always make donations??? How on earth did he only make money from books?
Just tea
I went to an American restaurant for 14 hours to make all the Korean guys rich building owners lol.
Yoo Si-chun's drug-related hair test and blood tests were all negative, but he said he was guilty... Now, the court is manipulating evidence. thief
Juma wearing a clown-like iron mask? It's called Gaeso Solo.
Looks similar
What is so pure about Song Joong-ki, an old man who has been through a lot? Hahaha. He just grabs his female lover by the hair with some unclear gossip, right?
Occupation Public ㄷㄷ Alchemy that turns rice into a nucleus?
Impression... I'm pretty sure he's top 10, but I guess it's a cheap impression and prejudice. After looking at it, I feel like people live according to their looks... I can't help but ignore impressions... It's probably hard to match their personalities.
I don't like Yongjin. He looks arrogant. There are kids around me with baseless confidence like Yongjin. When I see the Runners, I sincerely throw a tantrum. When I meet Yongjin, I get hit hard in the solar plexus. Look forward to it.
What's wrong with this? LOL If you're a man, you wouldn't even be able to catch a fire and be buried, but if you're a woman, you can't even breathe. ^^
Are you going to an inn? Are you going to report my ex-girlfriend who went to the motel?
I don't know if I like him... I don't like him at all... After seeing him live, I dislike him even more.
Janvi and Jeolla-do? comment?
It really looks like it, so cute
Is Yoo Hee-yeol's sketchbook long these days?
Actors, please reflect. Teacher Jo Min-ki showed off his diverse acting skills in real life as well. All he did was play a passionate role as a sexual harasser. Gaz, the year-end acting grand prize~~
Now that I think about it, they didn't even voluntarily ask about the award, but they said skipping meals was unusual and kept it private while reporting?
Is the kitchen going to be dispatched?
Kim Hak-rae is the victim.
Jo Yeo-jeong’s acting was also very good.
With the rise of Moon Jae-in, the media has lost trust and is turning into trash by only fabricating unofficial comments.
But isn't it dangerous even if you're pregnant? I think it could be dangerous for the mother.
It would have been better if you showed mercy, Seolhyun...
The drama is so fun. Kim Kyung’s acting is really good.
Yoon Si-yoon is also Jun Young-rang's best friend. Are you Joanie?
As soon as Dawn becomes popular, Hyeon is inevitably abandoned.
December and January are the peak wedding seasons. May is summer and therefore off-season.
Don’t die from malicious comments, humans.
Drunk drivers keep being broadcast on TV.
It's good to see it now. Don't overdo it. Just dart as much as you can~~ Hong Yun-hwa, fighting hahaha
I hope everyone from rich families don't do things like this.
Maliciousness seems like a ninja, but a swear word is a malicious comment. Is something abstract like this a malicious comment?
Please take care of your feet. Lovers, ladies, don’t worry about the haters.
It's like they're not hurting Michael who doesn't know Korean food. I don't want to watch it anymore. It would have been better if they showed the warmth of Korea by teaching them gently, but it seems like Kim Soo-mi is being too pushy.
Did Shin Dong-wook do something wrong when he was recovering from a difficult past? The truth is revealed. Do you think the grandfather's media play ruined his grandson?
I'm sorry. What does it mean to look like someone who has had plastic surgery? The desire to look prettier is endless... Will there be any remnants of my parents? ...You look immature. You're addicted to plastic surgery. It's so bad.
Song Yunhyeong is a guy hahahahahahahaha the guy from Pentagon haha
I'm going to get a dong to commemorate my retirement,,, hahaha The final means of livelihood for associated bitches is dong,,, haha
Just buy the book and transfer your nationality.
If you try to rob an empty house without any help, it will turn over in just 0.0000000003 seconds.
Marry Minsu Yoon ㄱ ㄱ
I was in middle school haha.
I watched the broadcast and it seemed like he looked more likeable than Jung Hae-in.
Either cut off Jijibae’s milk or cancel it. As a parent raising an underage child, I am scared to see my child and I also hate seeing dirty comments.
ㅜㅜ Actor Go’s acting is really ㅜㅜ It gives me goosebumps
Jo-deok is trash... If he sexually assaulted me, I should live quietly with a remorseful heart, but only think about getting away like a loach with fake evidence.
I want a mountain
Kim Tae-hee, Seoul National University student's lover, accuses Kim Tae-hee of making money by developing a high-end machine, which causes mental illness and no guarantee of living.
I held Sully Su’s hand. The Goblin music video was really bad. I stayed in the den of the Sanghantan Cult.ㅠㅠㅠㅡㅜ
Convenient food that tastes like food
I'm angry that I'm dating a single woman... Are you sure that the woman you see with sincerity is really the best...
Are you listening to Seo Eon Seo-jun and Kim Hyun-soo?? LOL They look like John LOL
Nowadays, you idiots are willing to pay even half a person for money??... What??...
It's a pity ㅠㅠ I lost my bodhisattva husband ㅠ
To those of you who are criticizing me... what should I do... are you just giving up? I would agree with your post if you also use good diplomatic methods... ㅠㅠ
I don't know who it is. I hope it's a left-wing Democratic Party supporter.
Casting...awesome...nothing...I changed the channel after seeing Han Go-eun and So-hyeon!! I think I'm going to have tea with my husband.
Seongwook is already featured, but he looks like he's going to get upset.
Fuha...you're 1st...8th...let alone a law school graduate...you're not even admitted...but you apply on a rolling basis...you're the one who didn't get accepted...blah blah blah...song Be first.. I’ll admit it..
The girls are so jealous. All of them, except for one, deserved to be chosen because they had outstanding looks. Do you know who that one is? Haha.
It's boring... I couldn't hear the payoff, so I watched it on Netflix with subtitles turned on, but I couldn't watch it after watching episode 2.
I don't mean to say things carelessly...
Even if you get divorced, it's better to get married once.
The culprit is Kim Nam-joo.
They say I have panic disorder... Whose house are you talking about?
Congratulations~♡ Dear Yuri, I hope you will continue to be happy!
I heard that I can't watch it..what did this thing look like...um.
Before I got the suspension filler, I was happy to try it, but after my lips became swollen, I ended up with a typical face that had a lot of plastic surgery ㅜ Only my face is floating. I have a pretty face, and Park Bom is the best.
There are a lot of opinions...? Please change the topic. Gong Hyo-jin's acting is not interesting.. Some people say it's natural.. So, I only choose Gong Hyo-jin's characters that she can act naturally.. Gong Bly...
Get out of here
I heard you were born...? Is it true? Jikdo’s advocacy is a huge fan affair.
I'm sorry ㅠㅠ Are you really saying you're throwing away the girl who came with you from Portugal??
Congratulations on getting pregnant!!!
Abolition is the answer. These days, people are concerned about the environment, but the place that was converted is also a mess.
What run pro....my
The first time Kim Soo-mi came... I had a bad feeling... but... I changed the channel. Thanks to Sang-min-do, I couldn't see it.
I can't even sing at all... Should I keep trying distant music... Even though I'm a well-known Las Duck...
I fixed someone else's face, but I got my chest done too.
SE$ Ningyo Sea Eugene $hoo
If you get sick, go to the hospital.. I don’t trust you to just dig up and lie down.
Is it a baby-making machine?
Penguin. Owl. Owl (Jjanggae. Bukan). Thank you for calling me by my name.
You're all good, but you're choosing works that are similar... Let's only make works that feature old men and young women.
Hwang Ji-hyun, Song Hye-kyo, Kang So-ra, Son Jin
What are you going to do?
Ji, that guy is cooler than MBLAQ 10 years ago. Is it photoshop or hair loss?
The people who seemed to have a woman's appearance and didn't rule out the lucky loves lol lol.
Are you converted to redz?
What do you think? Gyeong-won is sleeping? Let’s go home and have a baby!
Yunjin's hair is long. It's so great
Nam Gyu-ri looks like Lin Mu, so she looks like a sister.
Leave out the area where you commented~~ I am Jeonju Ram, and all Jeonju Rams are really noble people. Don't be rude.
Thank you ~ I only bother people ~
95% of men's cell phone leaks around the world are caught. Monk, monk. include
It's no secret that Mr. Seon suffered from airport disruption. But these days, it seems like airport disruption has become a romantic disease... You're also suffering from airport disruption...
There are 8 girls at the bar at the wedding. The bride is the 9th person to enter. If you drink with 8 people at a bar, you must be in the bathroom. If you are a police officer, file a complaint quickly. Unspoken
They say that men will also be able to show off to women, but men will scan specific areas of their eyes, while women will scan their entire body.
The chef also agreed to filming, and even if I didn't watch the broadcast, I would have heard all about it... Everyone is good... It's hard to watch the entire broadcast. I watched it and then changed the channel.
The winner is Fin..Ss, all you idiots, put your heads down..lol.
Lin was good, but I think her skills were lacking compared to Solji. She was as tall as Solji. She believes that with Solji’s current skills, it’s not even possible to do so.
Don't act like that. Gary committed a crime, and the kids who did drugs are all guilty. I guess I can't argue with him about what he did and feel sorry to the Running Man members.....
Didn’t you learn it? Eat it and vomit.
There is no comparison with Myeongbak.
I'm really looking forward to the Doppel Singer song hahahaha Gummy Rin Kewill's three best friends are there hahaha Park Mi-kyung Bada hahahaha Mmm, I'm looking forward to it.
The money was really generous. Even though you keep it simple, you are pretty, but the way you decorate makes you look like you belong to a rich family. He has wrinkles, he's older, and his skin is perfectly white. Just looking at his appearance, he must have taken care of it without going through any trouble.
I'm jealous of Jeon Hyun-moo. I could do it three times in a row.
Kang Daniel is in perfect harmony♥️
I'm sorry ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Don't mind the comments
I heard Jo In-seong farts easily and the smell is strong.
I ate Jeonradian nyan a year ago, and the Gari smelled like poop, and the rattori smelled like red. It smelled so bad. Jeonradians always watch out for the back of their heads.
Should I marry you? I’m jealous of this peerless beauty.
If you're pretty, you deserve to meet a handsome guy haha.
Looking at the comments, I see that Sung Yu-ri is the current trend.
Shall we buy it???? What is the result of the inspection??
Shin Se-kyung's hidden camera gun and the broadcasting station guys are also a bunch of idiots.
If you look at the malicious comments, 90% of them are Korean women haha.
In the play, Jung Kyung-ho's brother Ron Scabbers (?) from Harry Potter looks nothing like Peter.
It's so disgusting.
Did you pay for the buffet?
What's the best groom? I don't have a place in Seoul National University, let alone in the past.
. . .Don’t die. . There are a lot of trashy lovers. .bastards. Don't die. . It's a pity. .Rest in peace the deceased.
You're just expressing your dislike for Byung-hun, but in terms of acting, are you a match for Kang Dong-won and Kim Nam-gil, who are talking about comments? Even though Byung-hun's life is different, his acting is at the level of playing with Song Kang-ho and Kim Yun-seok haha.
Shining Han Ji-min❤
Song Ga-in Fighting!!!!
Is violence necessary on both sides?
I just looked at the contents of KakaoTalk on Google, and if it's true, Kim Gun-mo is a professional woman, so she's in good shape, and it's safe to say that she goes to all her lovers and hangs out with all the capable men.
To be honest, the Yang Won case on SBS is also biased towards women... What's even funnier is that the Yang Won case turned out to be a masterstroke, so there is no need to go too far.
I'm sick of Solji
It's pretty, but what's easy?.. Forget it and just be nice.
I hope you have half the personality of Bangtan guys, tsk tsk.
It's nice to see you admit it though
Cheer up, I’m looking for a healthier and prettier Cheonga!! Before giving birth to Do, I experienced pain once... To be honest, it's a short time ㅠㅠ Since I'm looking for you, stay warm and take care of your health!
Actor Ji Chang-wook's face is revealed. Is it a waste of money for an actor who is not left to return?
#MeToo's biggest victim Kim Saeng-min. I feel sorry for you.
A hot guy like Kim Jong-min can't date haha. A pretty guy is all the rage. Women like it when he punches powerfully, sucks up money, and swears twice. Haha, I can't forget the taste of a fist, so when I'm drunk, it's the woman who calls me! Defeat it no matter what, beat it twice!
Do you feel like you just look like Dog Man Kim Kyung-min?
Toot toom, you guys are mad lol.
Even just reading the text, it's so cliché.. I can't escape the feeling of this novel from the 70's.. It's like...
There are a lot of people who send sexual harassment messages.
After all, women are thugs. They are thugs.
I’ll capture the comments of the haters!! I’ll upload it with a bulletin board attached so I can sue the current haters!!! I hope you shine on stage with confidence❤
Are you taking sides and the fans are offended by something? I don't think so, but I have a strong feeling that the woman must have done something about it, and the police as well. It's a shame.
Don't be damned, it's been 30 years now, that's bullshit...
It's simple and charming. After seeing all the same faces with plastic surgery, they look so fresh and pretty.
Shut up the right wing
There are a lot of people who are really uncomfortable haha. In reality, they only make money that they can't even make in their entire lives, so I think they are hungry because their lives are compared to theirs. Just think about your own lives haha. You just masturbate while talking to other men.
It starts with Boja, and the smell of the gong is a gender characteristic: I'm excited to cast bojeokbo, I'm in a good mood, and I'm biting at a lean unser.
The more you lose weight, the more you get criticized... I feel ashamed.
Please give me Kim Myung-min and Kim Hyun-jooㅠㅠㅠWhat a pretty couple
Even the girls are sleeping and crying
I can't believe that a Mormon missionary used philopon...
Good bye~ I don't want to see you anymore
It looked like the feminists would gather at the funeral and shout for women's equality and cause an uproar,,, but the feminists were quiet,,, lol.
It's a PLAZA that promised to be saved, and it passes by, but if you just turn it into a hand shape, you can see the level of the device.
Cut it well haha
Kim Hee-cheol's public interest leak
I'm talking about Kim Soo-hyun...
Sir, it seemed like something was unfair.
We all did this, gave birth to our children, raised them, and lived our lives. How did the previous mothers raise their children and live in the fields... It's all a life they chose and the joy of overcoming hardships. Reporters, don't spread rumors and write about your struggles.
There must be a lot of legacy left behind by your parents. I wonder if they keep trying to expose it to the media.
People who can't have sex before marriage, why do they get so angry and risk it...
Yes, lovers are victims. They have no right to veto. So please make a comeback quickly.
I got kicked and got a Mercedes Benz. Congratulations to Hyunmoo.
They say they can do it for the haters and ask the fans to be shameless, but are you talking nonsense? Who wants to pay with lots of money or to lend money to you?
Jeong Hae-in has been hit and is unable to live in this life. I fell in love with you for the first time in my life. Thank you and love my actor Jung Hae-in❤️❤️❤️ Don’t make me wait for your next work either.
Cube. What, how much money did Hyeonga earn, but not even the years of boiling youth? I haven't even committed a crime.
A must-have item for those in love with panic disorder.
Would you mind if the next Hong Queen gets hurt?
The man has a lot of money? LOL
Kim Rang is the real Rang.
The show never ends
He said he was a rookie haha, so he could make mistakes. I'm good at singing Yu, but I went to Yoo Hee-yeol's Sketchbook and made a pornographic comment. Anyway, it's a mistake, but what kind of brains do people who are sarcastic about girls have?
The pigs are going to be so soft lol.
The comments are disgusting.. Just throwing it at you.. Put yourself in your shoes... Let's live with what we think.. The facts are small, but we did what we wanted.. It's easy to make a fool!! Don't go into the water...
Women are hurt.. They cursed at the woman who gave birth to and raised 9 children from a family with no money, and then they also cursed at the woman who married into a wealthy family.. What should I do?
Premarital pregnancies are largely the fault of women who are not careful in advance.
Rain....Sungmoon Middle School was trash..
I knew it would be true, but it was false news. Anyone who has seen it would know, but Jhanvi worked really hard to succeed, so I was jealous for no reason.
Does Kim In-kwon look really old? I thought you were in your 50s
What does it matter whether someone else has a child or not? Haha, do you want to have a child because of Run? I will never give birth.
T-Ra is a cute girl group... they have a lot of hit songs... the kids are great... they could have run longer even if they didn't get bullied... honestly, they were better than Soshi...
I didn't know much about it and attacked a water gom stew restaurant. I have a temper tantrum.
The director is so important. I can't help but wonder why they put in so many nitpicks with supporting actors who aren't even in the original story and drag the story loosely.
An out-of-date lover...
There's an uproar because you can't get your well-intentioned words out of nowhere.
Everyone gets disgusted when you make a body like a dog.
But the taxes are high
I have a sensitive personality and have trouble sleeping. Don't even look at malicious comments.
What is it? Listening...
Women 61%, people in their 30s 36% ㅎㄷㄷ... Young husbands... never hand over your financial power to me, and for capable men who are not ready to get married directly, I recommend a government marriage... aim for the woman you saw...
Haha Moon Jae-ang gets criticized by both Park Myung-soo and Park Myung-soo.
Kian-Ram is too clumsy to say anything while explaining things ㅡㅡ
Admin, this is a natural phenomenon. It can be easily managed, but what does it mean for a male actor to be exposed to the public? If he were an actress, reporters would have been choking him. I sincerely regret it.
I quit vicarious satisfaction
Congratulations. But is it because of Gangnam’s charm that you decided to get married? Eunram..
Mr. Pope, I hope you always stay healthy.
Is it even a long-time will to give an award? It's true that Hyeja Kim is good at acting, but I think you're the one who earned it.
The teacher's job is also very advanced.
They have a sexy face. Do they still have the old TVXQ look? They have a typical face full of alcohol, drugs, and women.
I'm so happy haha
Youngja donates all advertising appearance fees!! It's really cool and full of affection, I'm impressed.
Should I contact Eunhye Yoon directly?
I know that Kang Daniel worked hard. There's a lot of loud talk going on, but everyone knows the sincerity. Are those people who are talking about Seo Ren-Ren really fans? It's easy to roll because it's chapi nini
Resurrection is good, Park Wan-gyu is good, but I don't like Kim Tae-won.
Comment: I look like a kid who feels envious.
There are many foreign workers involved...
It must cost a lot of money for Ahn Jae-hyun's agency. If you go to Ku Hye-sun's Instagram, you will be posted to the top of the comments.. There are so many people interested in you two right now, Goo Hye-sun is so crazy.. Should I pour in all the malicious comments as if they came from somewhere lol?
The only thing wrong with Suji is that she tried to run away from the poor woman. Her life is not as beautiful as the world. She is my daughter, but it will leave a big heartache. The world is not clean, just like Suji's heart. I hope everything is resolved well, Suji.
I am proud to be a Korean actor.
I'm sorry, but physiognomically, you don't seem to be blessed with a spouse.
ㅉㅉ Anyway, Koreans who blame others are not allowed. Korea is a lifelong underdeveloped country. Moon Jae-ang is a representative example.
Are you a goalkeeper and not a goalkeeper? Put an end to Japping, the people want it.
I thought he looked like Minho after watching the video...
I will embrace my fellow teammates~~ Going to the main event is very easy from the perspective of a good fan of Sechs Kies.
The couple will get divorced soon haha.
I am 36 years old, my girlfriend is 26 years old, and we are 10 years apart from each other, but my girlfriend's mother is against it. Please give me money.
National MC Gaz
Be sure to check out Gaejon Jamim
Wow, it's really an open relationship ㅜㅜ
Jangra is not going to get married.
The talent of actress Kim Min-hee...
I'm frustrated because I can't connect with only Korean people.
Park Seo-joon is cool, Park Min-young is really pretty and her acting is so good that the female lead shines even more. You look prettier than before.
Megalsteen did well.
Voice actor Park... I'm sad to hear such sad news...
Melomance chew foam itself
Certainly, when a woman eats it, her value plummets. Most of the female lovers were married to husbands who were simple in objective indicators compared to their young and well-to-do counterparts.
How do you guess by looking at the belly button?
Skip everything and release Big Bang's song.
I heard you're good at acting. Why don't you pursue your career as an actor in earnest...
It's over, you guys go back to Bonn.
The Moon Jae-in family's daughter living abroad is harming their tax affairs. It's nonsense to say that they sent everyone to foreign schools to pay for the salary of a failing game company. The Moon Jae-in family is starting to worry about the government's tax affairs.
Is this a KBS weekend drama?
Right-wingers, get the hell out of Korea~
It's really sad and disgusting that women in their 30s impersonate Han Hye-jin and write malicious comments. Live your own life well, young women, don't be jealous.
Running ‘Man’?? There are women, but the only thing they say is that it is a program that discriminates against women~~ Change it to Running ‘People’ haha.
Reunion Nijo Hong Seopcheon Nijo Lang Lang will be forgotten
It's new ㅠㅠ Why are you spending so much money to cheer yourself up like this? Just spend it on your honeymoon.
The people who said they were boycotting it because of this haha, they are also pigs and pigs haha.
The man has the money and the woman has the beauty, so it's a fair deal.
Look at the ratio of men in their 20s and 30s lol.
There are a lot of people who criticize Baek Jong-won while the common people are shopping.
Seems like a match made in heaven~^^
Cancer families, stay strong. This is Ting.
Take a rest
Doesn't that mean that he was accused of misbehaving?
I feel like I'm following the city department, but it's also boring.
I was worried when I found out that the factory was really for sale.
The acting was great!!!! I want it
If you're jealous, be honest and say you're jealous. Everyone ages so well... I'm jealous for no reason when I exercise and work hard...
Even the makjang was completely makjang. I think this drama would have received a lot of criticism if a trendy producer like Joo Dong-min hadn't directed it. PD is dark.
What's the difference between Jo Yeo-jeong and her appearance fee?
Changseok Chae-eun is really pretty. My cheekbones and the corners of my mouth are the same the whole time I watch it. Hahaha. Don't pay attention to the stupid comments from the idiots and just keep looking good! There are more people who want it ^^
Handsome and pretty... but actually not fun...
Kim Jeong-hoon Feeling bitten by a flower snake? Even if it was a planned pregnancy, what on earth are you responsible for? Asking for a deposit as an excuse? Funny Jjambbong
Fix it again like before. It looks more and more like a civilian.
Kim Shin-young is truly the best dog person haha.
Fact: Men like Sulli because she’s pretty, whether she’s hot or not. The women thought that Sulli was playing a role, so they castigated him indiscriminately.
You're a bastard who's guilty of foot tampering
Kim Jong-guk's unknown laundry beautification broadcast.
It's quite a bit, but let's get married~
Miae is pretty
I'm an actor, but I'm sick of it. Acting is always there... As I said, I'm a star who works hard at work without any results.
Congratulations to Yang Dong-geun haha!
You guys will know. Even if you do everything you can to outline the eyes, nose, and mouth, you can still end up with a face that you want to use even if you hit it hard. Are you holding onto it because you also know that? I don’t think there will be much change even if I do that, right? So, take care of your body when others don’t ^^
I feel like I'm tired of drugs, but I'm having fun taking care of the sleeping children.
This is Jackie Chan’s daughter’s cut hairㅡ blonde girlfriend
Lim Chang-jeong Are you close friends? If you take care of your family affairs haha, don't waste your life swearing at others, but feel satisfied somewhere.
The members eat while eating.
Just listen*^^*♡
Han Ji-min + Nam Joo-hyuk are dazzling haha
Kangta actually looks handsome,,, whatever.
What's wrong with the child? I just trusted my parents. They said I asked on the phone and they said it was you, so it was wrong to believe them and listen.
The ending of the drama is a delicious restaurant, as expected from Jangra.
Nosebleeds, runny nose, runny nose, I’m sick of it
Korea is indifferent. Please correct me. I don’t even know who you are.
I paid back a large sum of money, but since it was broadcast for the first time, what did I touch?
How dare you brag about remarrying... how shameless!
But the ending is satisfying. There were so many hardships and adversities in the middle that I almost gave up. I watched Princess Lee's Moon, and I think I'll remember it as a great movie thanks to the ending.
Haha, they said they are marrying a 41-year-old and a 20-year-old, so Kim Sae-ron is a young world killer haha.
Disband Z1 X1
It's Moon Jae-in, Yoonji Baek. Can she win the case?
Kang Ho-dong also hit a real hit~!!!!~????
Even though he passed away from a heart attack, I hope they didn't make a fuss about him passing away from a heart attack. My panic disorder gets worse when I accidentally see this post on the internet. I'm annoyed.
Your mother-in-law experienced it too and it will be passed down to you haha. You will also become a mother-in-law with the same experience haha. You only know and don’t know haha. You kimchi girls.
It seems like I didn't just lose weight... I watched it on TV.
I hope everything goes well~~~~I’m anxiously waiting for good news~^^
It's from the 90's and I can't even tell if it's a rush or not.
So, if you only care about your body, you might end up with a big head, so please pay attention to your studies as well.
Defeat the program ㅇㅇ
Now that the Moon Jae-in administration is in power, do you think it would be a good idea to take on the role of a lover? Geun-hye and Myung-bak were making a fuss about Geun-hye and Myung-bak taking advantage of the water, but the brains of the real leftists were pierced by imaginary mad cow disease.
Beautiful mothers and children ㅠㅠㅠ
I don't know anything about it and it's not fun. Sangmin's face doesn't even have a smile on it. It's a crying rap song.
Are the victims having a hard time right now?
You must have been the one who made it in Hongja.
What are you listening to?
All 6 of them were good, but Moon Hee-jun was popular and made a lot of money.
But did you confirm the phrase used on the back screen of the stage?
.....Are you an actor? Are you a singer??
Dong-neun, get out of the way.
Let’s check the punishment standards for gambling. It's a habit and it's a lot of money. Have you often spent a lot of money? Applies based on income. But is returning a bet made for fun a morally questionable gamble? Give it back 1 Night 2 right now!!!!!
I’m so glad ㅠㅠㅠ Ram’s neck is sore.
I'm sure it's good for women to vote. Seeing as they've been sucking it up on RunPro for 4 years lol, they're good at electing presidents, right?
Hong Seok-cheon The guys who leave the original post are unpretentious.
It’s so fun~~
It’s better than Ma Black.. haha
A woman lives comfortably with a man of at least the same age as her Chinese zodiac sign, and if the man goes far away, she regrets that she made a mistake and dies.
Usually, only the little finger is spread out to make a promise hand shape. Who would spread the thumb like a shield to act as a shield?
Baek Jong-won, what you did was wrong... In the first place, you left the damn house in ruins... What's the point of saving it... There are more people avoiding the door.
It's quite a lover's disease haha
Run like a sow!! Are you thinking about acting and getting wet??
I bet everything on my hand that I said it! Is it bad to tell a lie?! It’s bad to lie!
If you go to Hyeonga, you'll swear a lot, but you're angry. It's cool. If you look at the flower, you'll become a sex product yourself, so I'll keep pulling up my sports pants and showing off important parts.
Please take Seungri quickly. It feels like a dream.
If you lose 3 times, filming will be over. It seems like a lot of space has been lost, so of course you'll be desperate.
I'm trying my best.. Let's save the program that is wasting radio waves.. Go Yoon.. Shut down the worst trash program after Three Leaf Clover..
Really nice to see
I feel sorry for the baby and feel sorry for him..ㅠㅠ..Please don’t be discouraged because you don’t have parents and grow up well..ㅠㅠ
I'd like to give it a try. I thought it was better not to see Han Ji-hye's breathing. I was bored, but I'm looking forward to it because Kim Jeong-soo is a writer.
Let’s make it clear what Moon Jae-ang is trying to cover up by blowing up his relationship.
For some reason, I feel like I'm living a married life without love.
I don't like Jihyo, I don't like Jihyo, I'm upset, I really don't care, Niel, don't worry..
To be honest, I'm old haha. Who's going to buy used items from now on that I'll never buy again?
It's so pretty, but Mr. Geon-mo, hehe. He's a virgin. He's young and fresh. I'll give it to him. Person, occupation, money, heh.
From the beginning, you were a piece of trash playing with fire.
Hmm.. I don't think I have any fun with my ears.. Chi????
What is your mom’s last name?
What did you do? Did you do something? It's a bit similar haha.
Pigs are forever pigs
Doing it 6 times...
It's just fun, but are there a lot of complaints?
Since our ancestors have many sins, we will not commit murder and kill our descendants.
Really congratulations~~
It's not important, but why are you getting so heated over this nonsense? LOL I don't care if the group's representative bullies are a trainee or not.
His expression is boring.. his mouth is open.. and the marriage is progressing..
Um.. seems like the upper limit..
The only reason the harm didn't go down is because of the tie-up win, he's the only one who is close to me, so he's the only one criticizing me.. If you think about it like that, there are hundreds of people who will be criticized, right??
I don't know if the woman paid back the money, 30 million won.
Since it’s cheap, let’s give it~~!!!!!
I don't think it will work for Sunmi. Raedo Won.
I'm jealous. It's true that women are sexy and pretty.
This guy is an unheard of person - spit gimaine?? Is it up to you whether you remarry or not?? Even so, the comments aren't that good... It's like pushing money!!!??
If you're going to donate, you can do it quietly. What's the point of pointing fingers at each other? It's just a bunch of disobedient people haha.
I saw the devil eating human flesh and it was impressive.
Shin Seong is a post-Korean mind.... You are the one who got into the wrong era...
On Yu-ri is the manager's daughter and his mistress, so is it true that he found out and asked her to be his daughter?????
Looks like Kim Yeon from her Rin days
Kim Young said he felt sorry for those who couldn't do anything lol. I feel sorry for you even more. Take care of your life in the gutter.
It somehow feels like a show...
If you want to have a healthy baby, it would be better to give birth to a young child and raise the child only with a married couple in Nosan-myeon.
It's easy, I wanted to see more political satire.
I scold a man for cheating, but if he looks like he's going to cheat, I'll just live with him.
I'm sorry... I'm black...
After all, hip-hop is a genre that cannot be separated from drugs. YG is in charge of Korean hip-hop, and it's hard to make Korean music by making a girl's band, shaking the ball, and eating Korean music. Everyone, cheer up, YG!
immaturity?? Is this a true story? lol
I feel energized after watching the news. I'm going to confess right away.
At first, I thought it was pitiful and that I would think of many things since it was the spring season, but then I got so sick of it that I decided to just figure it out.
Sang-yoon’s drama is half-checked, right? close the smoke
Joe, try acting, you have no talent and your visuals are lacking.
It was unrivaled number one among the dramas I watched recently. The content, the acting skills of the actors, and especially the performance given by director Baek Seung-soo were thrilling in every episode.
You were very active secretly. Goodbye~~
In the words of a reporter who writes like this, you are a true reporter!! Although she is the same age as you, she gave birth to a child and lived happily, while Jinri was unable to get married and left without knowing whether raising a child was a happy thing..ㅠㅠ May the deceased rest in peace.
An old man with a long face.. You have a boyish beauty.. At least grow your body..
Is legal school a fad?
Even though I only saw it, my nose was watering with tears. In my life, I have never had a single teacher who spoke with such sincerity. At the time of Teacher Da Lip, there was a lot of talk about money envelopes.
Dongseong-myeon is good, but let's not waste unnecessary words and worry about the vulnerable and abandoned animals as it gets cold.
But when I see unfriendly part-time jobs, I want to leave.
Chaff?
It's like a mental breakdown. He also seems to be close with the YG kids..
Yoo Jae-seok doesn't even have 10 yuan lol I feel good~
Seungri retired, so don't criticize YG. YG lets Blackpink enter the Billboard, and Song Mino's Kang's Restaurant starts again, let's be trendy.
There is no need for additional points for subscribing to the Seoul Metropolitan Government's 84-multiply prize ~ I have at least 700 to 800 million won in cash, so I am not sure if I should dare ~ but it encourages speculation!!!
So, did you see the affectionate mixed marriage?? LOL That’s funny, so Hannyeo...
What about the new milk?
I hope to meet people who make malicious comments like dried turtles.
I like gukju... haha
This person doesn't feel like a woman at all. She is not sexually attractive. Face, body, personality... I'm not attracted to them all.
Let it go, some say it's school violence, others say it's false, what's real ㅡㅡ
Is it okay to reveal your weight?
Even if you look young on the outside, you're still the same on the inside, right?
Honestly, it's not fun. I'm just watching Song Joong-kime. I wouldn't have seen it if Song Hye-kyo had been there.
Do you care?
I'm discussing renewing my contract with Caste.
Sezel, I'm really enjoying it~ Sangwoo and Soyeon, the drama is so fun that I'm watching the drama~
Hahahahaha you’re swearing at women in the first place? Seongsangpumhwamun? Comments by Hannam Sae They are sexually harassing people, but as long as they don't do other things, they don't get criticized for commercializing sex.
Your Yoon Ji-sung is yours haha. If Yoon Ji-sung's agency asked you to manipulate it in the first place, it's over. Yoon Ji-sung is being held by his agency. Sang-ji Jeong, but he left as soon as his contract ended.
It's true. If there are no people, you can sit down. As I said, it's a considerate seat. If there's a pregnant woman, you just have to get out of the way.
Your main home!
It's only natural
The four of you are enough, should I invite a guest? I'm already losing my appetite ㅠㅠ
Song Ji-hyo is crazy and looks like a bullfrog...
Is Sang-min’s debt-stricken character over? Just pretend to be pitiful. Shiki gave you a good tip to help you get into debt. Tak Jae-hoon just lives by flirting with women, and Kim Soo-mi is a very greedy old woman. Is this your concept?
I believe in you. Stay healthy and healthier than before. Fighting with the wonderful Heo Ji-woong!
Unman Tasha Leather Dani KThor Runs Away Gojikdo Still Leaves a Sweet Kang Crab
Is Kosre the victim unique to Jeolla-do Hongseul? It turns out that the Twin Reds are the perpetrators of the Reds, and the Jeolla-do Reds are trying to kill them if they approach their close friends. They say they will defeat them with the same Hongjab club that General Chun Doo-hwan used in the May 18th...
Are you watching a drama right now? There is a state that exposes reality more than 82kg Kim Ji-young. Link: https://m.ilbe.com/view/11207994540
Kim Seong-ju received 100% more, but Jo Bo said it all with a smile on his face, so hehehe.
He said he had cancer and he was okay?
If you were going to do this, did you think it would be better to invest in Burning Sun?
They worked hard and made money, and it would have been okay if foreign countries spread the word about Korea. Don't you guys make a mistake? Before you criticize me in the comments, they are smart.
Please explain the controversy
Just like that
~Is it okay for people with mental illness to take drugs? If you have a mental illness, you don't have to go to the military, and even if you commit violence, rape and murder, your sentence will be commuted^^ Government posts??
ㅇㅇIt doesn't matter whether I like it or not, it doesn't change that I have an unfavorable opinion.
Self-reflection is a sin. Last year's awards ceremony continued to cross the line and was rude.
I guess I want to spread the word through obvious nose marketing. I'm afraid my parents will see it.
Youngja, are you happy that Park Rae stole the grand prize? What's so good about eating like a pig? Pay off your debt. Tsk tsk
These days, the only government official~ Ma Sang. Hwang Eun-jeong <- Run women. From men's perspective, if you just avoid women who blame others like this, you're half way to success in life!
Why are there so many criticisms... People weren't really interested, but only the reporters were upset.
When a woman gains weight, her personality becomes violent.
I said I would eat well and live well, so I threw away my husband for the first time.
Kim Ji-seok, Kishi, Hong Jin-young and sisters are you posting malicious comments? If you don't want to see it, don't watch it. Even if you don't want to see it, I like Hong Ji-mae. Hong Seon-young is very talented and funny, but her smile is so cute and innocent. I want to keep seeing it.
Create communism on Nyandi Island and live while embracing the smell of dentures
A right-wing bitch who believes and filters
Haha, if they killed Jang Tae-joon, there is no reason to do season 2. Level of corruption = Jang Tae-jun (the best corruption) >>> Song Hee-seop (deep-rooted corruption) > Ellie (a deep-rooted corruption pretending to be righteous) Hogu level = Assemblyman Seong-min > lecturer's aide > Do-kyung Han (stupid to the point of stupidity) A stuffy idiot)
Thinking about eating lamb meat
I thought my sister was fun and bickering was fun too... would you like to stop by?
Raedo Gura Laying Down is the winner.
When you compare it to the gender ratio in the comments, it gives me goosebumps. It seems that people in their 30s and 40s have a hobby of eating and saying mean things to their lovers.
Don't watch TV with your child. He was throwing a baby's bed on some kind of show. The reporter was shocked and asked if he was throwing it like a baby. He smiled brightly.
70% of female comments. Let's make this a reality by editing it and it will become a basis for attacking Kimchi girls' husbands and in-laws haha.
I said there was a lot to learn from watching the broadcast, but in fact, there were 4 things that surprised me when I saw it at a convenience store near the filming location... I was really surprised by the broadcast rubber.
What about the patient who ignored the doctor's advice?
It's unheard of that he's going to America, getting married, and living there, and he's a top star on Luzin's live broadcast.
You are brave and cool~
Shin Soo-ji is scary, but I’m jealous of her face and body.
What did you do to me to get into this state? Isn't there such a thing as human rights? Junyoung's friend, who was fine just a few days ago, looks like a total loser, his eyes are blurry and he's scared, so I'm wondering if he was assaulted... Please don't treat me harshly.
Anyway, there is nothing to pity Ahn Jae-hyun. Ku Hye-sun is the one who made it like this.
Seunggi is territorial
Isn’t Kim Bomi more famous? It's a stone of the golf world.
There are no people in the family.
Please sulk, you can sulk.
I will build Hannam’s soul in peace....
Aren't the legal authorities making bills? National Assembly members...
? What is mad cow disease?
The guys who crashed on Music Bank as MCs are all big stars.
Take care and get discharged safely~~^^
It's so fun
The pants are blowing hahahaha Hye-kyo is so cute!
But I'm only swearing on the internet - the concert is sold out right now hahahaha I want to go too hahahaha
I don't even know who it is, but what kind of crowd is there?
Please don't touch me
Did the author choose Nokku because he had no material other than the deep-rooted Hwijae and the deep-rooted Tongguo?
They are so cute and handsome. They were really cute when they were babies, but they really grew up properly.
It must be hard for Rammi to fall to the bottom because she made the wrong choice, but will she be strong? Seungri and Burning Sun officials who committed an even more evil crime are being buried quietly. If you are a reporter, do you think you will dig up this? It is justice.
There are people next to OOO who don't know that OOO is drooling.. Don't be male-phobic, lover. If you're popular, I don't know if there are a lot of people making fun of you...
ears
He's cooler, but I like Chubby Shindong. I think he did a good job of losing weight while thinking about his health. Chubby Shindong's lips are really handsome now. The best plastic surgery is darts. Let's cut down on carbohydrates. Healthy show.
There was also a drama called Song Hae-gyeok Boyfriend that was made for a small amount of money, but it failed, and the couple ended up becoming a couple.
Did Kim Dong-hyun go? Did he go to get his face stamped? Haha, even famous people didn't go.
Mr. Kim Sae-rom, you must have been through a lot. Please cheer up and the court will be kind to you.
The man doesn't look so ugly, but he looks so ugly lol
Jinsook and Kim Jong-guk are good things, it seems like only yesterday
Even if it's on a TV show, touching someone else's daughter...
Unfortunately, Suzaku was found out.
Have a good sleep, Djiuma.
Always a clue every night
To be honest, I didn't know who it was, and I always (US time) knew it for the first time, but I was very curious. The person who I thought had a God-given voice was Su-mi Jo, and Ram also had a "God-given voice" in my heart. Take care of your voice, and I hope your voice lasts forever,,,,
Park Shin-hye pretends to be innocent, says she's tired of acting crying, and goes to Seoul to meet a man without even thinking about finding her younger brother.
He's more serious than me... Seowon? Sexual harassment and threats with a weapon. Hiding the police team in progress, hosting a music broadcast and filming a drama. It was vaporized right before the drama aired. They re-filmed it... You did a good job drinking and driving.
It's provocative, but finding a solution for restaurants with doors could be helpful to all self-employed people. Wouldn't it be less effective to show a house where radishes grow?
I refuse to wear heavy makeup and flashy looks. All female lovers who do not support the corset removal movement will be boycotted.
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
I didn't know Choo Ja-hyun could act so well.
YG can't hide for the rest of his life. If you use your money to drink drugs and gamble, someone will live there!!!!!!
Dean is so handsome~♡
I'm not good at rom-coms, so acting is not fun ㅜㅜ
Do you even know that he is half dead?
Honestly boring..
La 3 major pinks...pink,blackpink,giant pink
I heard Joong-ki cheated on me.
I'm a lucky actor who doesn't particularly sleep well.
Hyunwoo is really bad as a man. Do-gyun is Jin-gook. Seriously. Seriously.
I made up the name roughly... I made the name like this...
I think my character died because I lost weight.....
Looks like she's had plastic surgery, but doesn't look like her usual face at all. Artificial T-shirt
I got kicked out of the group and got scolded for it. I almost made a big deal out of personal schedules and meeting wishes. Are you a singer or a dancer? Dancers end up with 99% sad endings and are immature.
Get married, Hye-jeong is going to find a man like Ham So-won, she looks like Ji Ae-mi, so Ham So-won is just like Ji Ae-mi.
Yoon Chong-kyung, Roh Moo-hyun and Ram? The leftists at first criticized the new book victory, but then it turned out that they were on the wrong side lol.
Hey, but I'm really nervous haha. The sun is passing and my affiliation is slowly coming.
What a pretty couple♡♡
You knew right away that it was Onyuri, right?
ubd massage tune stock scam ㅆㄹㄱ
If Heejunie loses about 10 kilos and dances with Candy, everything will turn upside down, and people will make videos on YouTube because it's so cool, and they'll say Heejunie will lose weight haha.
It was boring. . Progressives and conservatives explode. . Sitting at the bookstore and reading a book. .The book I bought at the bookstore. . Did you read it all? It seemed like a boring performer just like Lanman. .
After all, it's best for a woman to be young and fresh. Don't even look at girls over 30.
everyday. Every day..Introduction to Architecture. I'm sick of posting. They say ????. They mention Introduction to Architecture, not the movie. What is the question of Reporter Rano in the pages and pages???.
You are so pretty.......
Shin Min-ga's eyes seem to widen when looking at men, but with Curry's looks, Shin Min doesn't resonate with a man like Kim Woo-bin.
The times are growing and mysticism... In the old days, Anycall Cho Seong-mo and Wax Mysticism were used~ Now is the era of Galaxy Note 10, BTS, and TS..
I saw and learned a lot from Soyul.
You may have a miscarriage in the early stages, so don't brag about it.
It's okay to get pregnant
I’m 40 years old and my legs are tired after menopause lol.
Fans of other singers, feel sorry for me~~ I don’t know that this is a behavior that disparages singers, so if I had time, I would post more comments about singers and stream their music~
Minsu is in trouble. Good luck with your acting, Eom Hyun-kyung. I’m really enjoying Hide and Seek. Fighting.
Not talking about Toemuljae's marriage, Bulletproof Laverneedle has a program schedule in the US... Please bring that on board, reporter~!
It's not a lottery, but it's cool. That it was successful. I'm a woman who lost 25 kg and is currently maintaining my weight around 69-70 kg, but I'm having a hard time not losing any more weight. When I see this post, I get greedy haha. Should I exercise more?
Hey, what did you hit on Bar Corey?
It seems like the people who are shaking at the sight of Lim Hyeon-joo right now are the bastards hiding behind the makeup look... Everyone is running faster than everyone else...
Jaehyun Jo didn't do anything wrong, right? Jo Soo-hoon, who came to Dankook University, is from the non-Han Sports University line... To make it easier to distinguish, they call it Hansport University and Non-Han Sports University. Non-Han Sports University refers to the Dankook University line...
I can't think of anything other than the mix-in debut group. They're better. They don't really have any real characters and their skills are only there. They're a mix, but they threw it away and they have a lot of success, President Yak.
Jummas eat and leave all the comments??
It seems like the grandmother thinks Jikdo is a lover.
Let’s have a meal together is more of a nuisance..
Will machines do military life too?
Ryuho is coming, definitely gong
It's all a broadcast and a script haha. It's fun to make a fuss and cancel.
Daniel is so cute.. earwax filial piety in a hurry
Kim Tae-ho, don't hide behind Yoo Jae-seok,,,,, express your stance on tax evasion.
Please use your real name. I don’t want you to use an alien name like Kian84.
At first, I cursed at Shin Dong-wook, but when I thought about it, I realized that there was someone like my grandfather around me ㅜㅠ It was scary.
It looked like Shanghai, so I changed the channel.
Kim Tae-hee is attached to D-face, so stay quiet.
Do you think I'm underperforming?
Are you saying you are Moon Jae-in?
There is no need for Korean women to worry. Who will take away the broken ones?
I'm playing hahahaha Practice acting hahaha I'm so excited because Ji always tells me how cute I am.
It's not fun. Please finish it quickly and show me the sequel.
Does Baek Jong-won's recipe suit the tastes of the entire nation?
Are you kidding Heo Jae-ram? No athletic ability. ~Awesome!! In basketball, you just need to be tall.
Seo Hyun-jin stands out as the romantic comedy queen when it comes to Min-gi's acting...
The Bogo couple is so cute. Please add a lot of side dishes~
Try to laugh at the situation
Romantic queen Seo Hyun-jin and Park Min-young!!!
Are you barbarians who are leaving malicious comments? Byeong-hun, the victim of the flower snake? I caught a flower snake after being blackmailed for adultery, but you can't go to Sangju, so you're leaving malicious comments? Swear at those who got me-tooed. Taejin also broadcasts high-drinking, drug dealers with ex-convicts, uncivilized people.
Pretty couple ♥
He worked in all the kitchens of restaurants across the country and developed his own menu while absorbing all the restaurants' recipes. It was almost like a dictatorship.
Park Jimin Bravo
I have a mother and father, but now that I am married to my wife, these days, single mothers and unmarried women are considered mothers. There are also married parents raising children.
A real woman, seriously nice
Is Jung So-min famous? It's my first time watching this and acting is number 1.
If we go through the same difficulties as usual in the West, we will end up disbanded.
It is not right to criticize only one aspect of CCTV without knowing the overall circumstances. It is not too late to criticize the results of the group!!! wait!!
It's getting less and less fun
I will also make a semen soap that is pure protein.
Don’t girls wear adhesive tape to cover up instead of summer bras?
Comments can all be viewed as just writers. They don't know if they're making a fuss, but they only say it in the comments. In fact, they can't even say anything.
Driving a car is hell
Seryeong, am I leaving? If you go there, you will hear that Jeongjae is sweet.
Sir... I can't believe you are passing away... I pray for your soul to rest in peace.
Rin was really good and Solji honestly didn't have any impact so I was expecting to be eliminated... ㅠ Rin has always been great but it's easy.
Hackppeum... I was glutinous rice cake with Hwang Jeong-eum, but with the role... I wish I had the role of Run again.
These kids don't know about suicide. As expected, mental strength. Even if you did something like this, you would disobey without feeling guilty, right? Three generations of human parents and children are revealed.
Korean men don't even know feminism and mega run, but when I hear them talk about it, I want to stab them with a sword for the Toak order ㄷㄷ Korean men! Have character and be honest.
The flag for their concert activities crashed and it was too late,
Even though it was impossible, I shook my head and drank too much maple syrup.
If you use your shield, you will get even more insults. Minhyuk is a traitor. Pay back the money.
Muzie said she beat Solji? I can't believe it.
It's difficult to have a happy ending, but it's also difficult to have a sad ending... I guess it's an open ending.
To be honest, Taiwanese guys look like they're doing well when they see them all. They have some kind of redness on their faces... but they look good. When I look at their faces, the peppers are also big.
I don't enjoy buying it.
Since you grew up under communist education, you speak communist language... you speak Korean... Gods... sleep well...
I'm sure Hyun will fare well... Hyeon is quite well known in foreign countries... But whether it's Dawn is... ambiguous....
The regime's code is right... I'm going to become the leader of the Donghak revolution group that oppressed Donghak... After seeing it, I'm not going to cut off diplomatic ties. I only learned the role from dramas.....
Baek Jong-won, Nam Jae-hyun, Hwijae, Ko Ji-yong, Digi-Z
Do you guys get pleasure from torturing the girls as if something happened?? If it were a big man, you wouldn't even be able to touch a hair on his head ㅡ ㅡ
It's even harder to go to the military because you're sick enough to tear your baby's swaddle... The lowest is 10 minutes, and the military is 21 months.
How can you survive in a place full of stone singers when you're all old?
Even if you look at me like that, I'm sick so I'll focus on treatment and make a full recovery.
Your husband, Moon Jae-in, right?
Rain continues to work outside, whether I'm pregnant or not, but Kim Tae-hee can't move because she's pregnant and giving birth. A poem that shows the discontinuation of the career of an actress with no reputation ㅠㅠ It's really unfair.
Tira Soyeon was pretty and attractive.
A born marketer and a drug dealer
Kim Dong-myeong feels like he's lacking something. His voice doesn't have that captivating charm at all. Park Wan-gyu may be ugly, but his voice is very attractive.
The name “Sanda” appeared and the kid said, “Do you want to make money in a different way?”
They're the cutest guys.. If you're going to eat them, why not just eat them and film them so you can just look at them?! !? How great would it be to see men all over the country?! These guys are miracles! Please be sure to punish Mr. Pan.
Before it's too late, let's break up and save the little girl
Sora, Uhm Jeong-hwa, Youngja, Hong Jin-kyung, Choi Jin-sil, and Kim Hee-sun are very close friends, but it feels like Kim Hee-sun is the only one being left out..
It's all... When a man commits violence, he calls me Manny. It's like everything is evil... What did the woman next to me do... Hyo.
Sir, post your wet Instagram so we can get rid of the water.
Viewership rating: 2%ㅠ Is this a true story? Is it cable? What on earth are you doing? Get rid of it. Jeon Hyun-moo's unexpected Q also made a fuss... Zen's happy fight. Jeon Hyun-moo, please go without causing trouble to God Yu.
Young people also give birth, but those who do not have children should reflect on themselves.
As expected, it was so coolㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Is it important to continue to be so discouraged by the unheard-of Jung Joon-young?
KBS's obvious target this year
Being scolded? Listening to lovers secretly? Is there a lover who won't be scolded? Is there anything? Did you film it? Did you film a documentary? They're broken people, they're lovers who don't have any reason to be criticized, they're useless bastards.
What about Shu? Is it cheap in Gangwon-do?
Park Kyung, just use your mind.. He won't shine as a singer.
He looks more like a nobleman from the Dohwan family than a boring Hannam who eats cup ramen at a convenience store. He has a tall figure that makes me want to give him Bulgari perfume.
Song Ga-in appeared on MBC and there was no introduction.
Young Cafe City congratulates Bungu.
There is no need to listen to paranoid women. After all, these are Korean masculine kids. Kids who think everything in the world is men's fault...
I really wish I didn't post this. I'm sure there are a lot of people who really want to go, but if they don't have the ability to go, they'll feel ashamed. Who's curious?
Park Bom's boss body is just right
Bang Jeong-hyeon... Are you going to Chosunbo?? I seriously doubt it
I want to eat giant clams. Don't cancel. I'm talking about the giant clams you brought with you!
Apart from this, pregnant women with long distances have different body markings.
Anyone who sees you will think you are going to the independence movement. Is this the last hamburger you ate?
Kang Daniel's fans seem to have forced it.. The long Jang La level has a ripple effect that can cover up the idol news.
The old man is overflowing.
Are you raising a child? ?
The top is dark..
Haha basketball.. haha ​​I laugh..
Still, it’s fun for me~ I wish I could lose to Kim Hyun-joo in an unconventional way
Seunggi's hair star Shanghai's handsome faceㅠㅠ A change is urgent
I only wait for every Wednesday and Thursday. Thank you, writer.
Hahaha, if you live with thoughts...hahaha
What's the point of marrying a Chinese person?
Uhm Tae-woong had a pregnant wife at home, Park Yoo-chun was next to the medicine store, and Kim Heung-guk had his wife abroad for years... his car.
It's fun. A highly complete comedy with cinematic visuals and no acting holes!
So handsome~ Where is your little brother?~Tell your dad to go to school~ㅎㅎ
With Cha-ryeon’s luxury goods haha.. Only luxury goods from Beondal Department Store.
This guy's fandom is so stubborn. There are no singers who are good at legal school. They're old ladies. Their thinking itself seems to be hardened. They need to be flexible. Because their popularity won't always stand still. Haha.
Are we still at the level of friends?
Yang Jiwon and Jo Jeong-seok were old ears. In the musical, before the end of the spider, Jo Jeong-seok's famous biography.
I want Ku Hye-sun!! Don't ever leave comments that are malicious and don't be ignorant. They will be punished.
The couple of the century is born, eternal love.
Let’s live together and get married. Don’t be a nuisance to the people around you and make your strict children suffer. Instead, look at the seasons and get married.
The police should check for drugs, and Blackpink should also check for drugs. It stinks.
It's your husband who's flirting with this adulterous bitch.
Alzheimer's patients have limitations in caring for their families. It is better to take care of yourself at a specialized nursing hospital and not have your family visit the hospital. I trust you will enjoy it well. rigo
Han Hyo-joo is an actress who can't be the lead in a movie... haha.
Hyorin, the girl who is talking about Hwaeun, is a fox!!!!
Wouldn't it make you sick if you lay down and eat it like that? So I eat it while holding it.
The girl seems to be pretty and has a good personality~~ Jeongjun, no matter what you do, she will match everything~ Raise a pretty girl~~ There are a lot of people who are jealous because the girl is cute.. Don’t worry about it~~ You are all qualified..
I hope you didn’t go home shopping
I really wish Han Chae died.
It's inconvenient. An ugly guy will make a fuss with a pretty girl. Don't do that.
Say it Ku Hye-sun was not far behind.
Have you ever cried for your parents? ㅉㅉㅉ If you go to the military, everything will be searched for you.
It looks similar to a parang radish. Haha
Don't you see that the insurance woman is risking her life to see something completely OOO?
Are you going to get congratulated on speeding? LOL..
There must have been something scary because he had people who trusted him. He became more and more serious with his pretentious jokes and now he has become a criminal.
I hope it's good from the kids' perspective^^ Jin, I'm glad you took the photo naturally.
It's nothing special lol. You'll know it when you watch it.
It tastes just like the real thing, but it’s so much fun haha.
Jeolla-do lol
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
It sounds like it's easy.. I'm going to go to Mitsukori as a new show on tvN.. Han Go-eun is a pro.. There's no other TVN program like it..
Dramas I’ve been watching for 2 years.. Goblin Uissi, Terius, Scar Castle, Scar Castle is truly the best!
Looking at your Instagram, it’s crazy, isn’t it? There's really no need to post jeans on Instagram.
Did Song Joong-ki get mad at an older woman and fall for it??...He's so old??
Lim Ji-yeon is the best in terms of appearance and personality.. She seems to be inferior to Kwak Si-yang. Personally, I like Lim Ji-yeon a lot.
It’s not even 100 million ☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️
The only thing that made me uncomfortable while watching Han Hye-jin and Jeon Hyun-moo
The first Jin Dige is arrogant.. He looks at me like a man.
This is the Jjambbong restaurant solution, right? The soup was thick, probably because there were too many chicken bones in it, and the meat in the sweet and sour pork was good, but the sauce was sour and it couldn't even be compared to the Hong Kong restaurant.
There's no such thing as trash talking about the military, right?
They changed my hair without even planting it, but it’s really fine.
What's the point of living in such a nice house? ... I wish I could get married and have children, but it seems like it would be difficult.
Teacher Soo-mi Kim is a really hip Lambda. There aren't many people who can move around like that for 40 years.
I can't forget my first love, especially as long as I didn't break up with him for some reason, so I'm afraid I'll force myself to marry him again.
Jinbal filter?
Sechang Fighting!!!.....
You may have doubts, but Tizens have raised their game.
hug? Do you hate Han Ga-in or Baek Jong-won?
Jang Yoon-jeong is an unlucky type woman who looks strong and tough.
Yoo Jae-seok gets criticized by many trot singers
But Jin was originally really fat lol he just sat there saying something that didn't even sound like a word lol
Did you get Macro Dot Ducom too?
Jeongyeon’s a toxic bitch
Waste. If you don't like the process of normalization and good people, just leave. I want you to stop being indifferent. Disgusting birds.
Even though we are lovers, we live a normal life.
Season 3 is only for singers I don't know well.
After checking Mr. Kim Gun-mo!!!, please report and punish the people who left malicious comments instead of giving them all!!! Those who post malicious comments are human trash that we don't need to forgive.
Kiyo Yoo Byeong-jae is a person? It's a forced laugh and it's not funny, but who put the pro on it? After watching it, I'm not interested and change the channel. I want to see Jaman, but if I'm paying for a boring person, kick me out.
It's a pity that people around me are really like this. I heard that the girl was Junyoung's kid.
Let’s not stand again with Banga Broadcasting and Ahn Hyun-mo, who sprinkled the finished parasite banquet material.
Jeolla-do kids are known for having a bad time, Shaba Shaba.
Leaning is the best for women. Older woman? Jumma believes and filters it.
If there was no broadcast...
Jong-seok's acting is good and he's a hot guy, so the military is in shock.
Female lovers, both hemispheres only. Decorate or not decorate.
The mysterious silence of the Democratic Party of Korea hahaha.
What's cool and what's the fuss about? ㅡㅡ
If you're a real fan, it's still good
It was fun ‼️‼️
Crush is Jung Yong-hwa, it's not even temporary, but who knows in Busan?
I don't think it would be a burden if Manny treated me well like that, but I don't think the middle official would be nice either.
If you look at the drama, Rain is not really good at love scenes and Kwak Si-yang's eyes are different.. I wonder if he thinks about his wife and children.. Lim Ji-yeon is good at acting, but if you look at her acting, it seems like Lim Ji-yeon is the only one acting and Rain is just acting.
Jang Yoon-jung was born and became a fan~~ If Jang Yoon-jung died, would they have banned her from making free declarations and banning her from leaving KBS as conditions for her marriage?? I heard he also had a lot of fun~~
It is necessary for a man to have an affair. He only eats home-cooked meals and goes out to eat regularly. Please get back together.
Brother Jongkook, you’re awesome! He lives a wonderful life with a woman who is just a woman, and even though he is his ex-wife, he always pays child support and takes care of the kids, it's really cool! I'm not good at anything like this, brother... haha
I wasn't curious about having a girlfriend, so what~~
Bikini.. It's just a swimsuit. Haha. Kim Jun-hyun, Yoo Min-sang, Moon Se-yoon, if they were wearing men's briefs and swimsuits, they wouldn't have even the slightest run, right? Hahaha. Fat men are good at weddings, but only women lose weight. It's an underdeveloped country.
If you look at it, you can speak perfectly like a fortune teller, but bite only the perfect word.
Mistakes happen... You can sleep well...
My back hurts so I can't shoot and it's sad.
I don't like Hwang Kyo-ik.
Do they only steal men?
I really hate to see this. I hate every word
A woman who catches a man, Chu Ja-hyeon
Jimin from BTS is beautiful in mind and body!
All you have to do is announce it.
I have Tak Jae-hoon's manuscript, so if you cheer up and live hard, good days will come! This is parting.
Cheon Hoseok singer Hoseok handsome Hoseok smile Hoseok cute Hoseok monbebe Hoseok pretty Hoseok Langhae Hoseok Monsta
Congratulations! But are you saying that only a man who is going to get married will repay the woman for the rest of his life? I understand what he means by thanking her for marrying him, isn't it relative?
I didn't like the pig-faced image, so I hope it continues ^^
But Teacher Baek yells like that, so the viewership rate goes up, so it seems like the production staff keeps editing it like that. It might be uncomfortable to listen to every once in a while, but he doesn't have good intentions.
It's so embarrassing that I liked Jin ㅠ Jumma Jin... It's yours... ... I'm so embarrassed ㅠ
Listen and see.
Hyejin ㅠㅜㅠ Jeon Hyun-moo is of the same class as you ㅠㅠㅜ You also have a lot of money, but you are such a hot guy,,, I want to have a relationship with a woman like Hyejin~~~!!
He's very short, just like Park Rae.
It feels like a toilet. If you go in reverse,
I think it will be delivered again haha.
Eugene and TS Yeonrang look a bit alike.
Jang Dong-gun, who I believe in and trusts.
It's disgusting. dirty. If he had done everything he had done once, there wouldn't have been any victims.. He pretended to show remorse and pretended to be a victim while acting in a cosplay. After all, lovers ride. Even after committing a crime, everyone acts well.
I watched it for two hours, but I feel like I'm causing more trouble because I'm on the blacklist.
Yang Ki-won? Why are you acting like a loser?
But... do you have to pay more taxes? Haha. There is also a joint taxation on the family unit.... If you get married, there are even more benefits... haha.
Since I got the tattoo, I've had a lot of enemies since I keep scratching and rolling it.
There was Sangmin from 2. Thank you to Beomryong Kim for your hard work.
Sorry, I'm tired... Twist + Twist + Twist... Twist... I'm good at acting... but I'm also sick of twists...
Hongki is also sentenced to prison. A lot of sins
woman radish old wow
Is your husband a pimp?
It's not fun
I'm going to hit my knee at Tangwe. Sunmi is naturally stiff, but the secret to becoming even prettier is
These days, I'm really curious lol
Even men are uncomfortable, so let’s take the no-panties challenge.
I'm sure it's true, but since I'm with Jongseok, I look really old...
Are you polluting the environment? In fact, I feel like I am committing a sin against nature when I see so many containers that cannot be recycled.... vinyl.
Let's throw it all away and take Youngseok and go for season 1. Let's go with Kang Ho-dong, Soo-geun, Seung-gi, Kim Jong-min, Eun Ji-won, Kim C. and MC Mong's comeback.
Male lovers always have real names ㅜㅜ A man-hating country..
? First report
The pictorial is so Chinese and tacky.
I don't like it even though they say it's set up. I don't want to watch it because it's on broadcast.
The female ratio is 69. Jumas, don't whine. It's the same with the school children. It's not fun because there's no reverse background knowledge. When you only watch sweet romantic comedies, you'll only find dramas that will satisfy your fantasies with young men with great visuals.
When women have a hard time with a man, it seems like they don't want to take it on and run away.
If the viewership rating wasn't even 10% and there was a martial arts show, the program wouldn't have received the grand prize. They abolished the literary man Lim Myung-hanjang and the martial arts show, and even Myung Bak Geun-hye couldn't do it.
It's about showing off your connections, and it's also a show-off award.
I'm all for Jobo...
What if you had plastic surgery? Kimchi bitches, really, get plastic surgery. I can’t give it to you.
Researcher Jeong So-young wearing a white gown in a vineyard in 2006~!! Honestly, she was the prettiest and sweetest among Korean actresses~!!! Those food eaters will make a big fuss without even knowing what’s cool..
I remember being called a Won Bin look-alike in the past... He was a very good actor, but I was curious because I was so surprised... This is good news!
Let's just fight. Let’s at least try to get along with each other.
Jeon So-min John Moonshine Jeon So-min No Jam
I thought it was Pink, but it turned out to be a fake Kim Nam-joo.
Jin seems to have come here
The molding paper got more damaged.
Jeongjun not so much...considered
is a singer. Take a break and do it again for the next season.
What a beautiful family~~
At some point, you call Han Seo-hee Yeol, Nino.
There's no need to say anything to Kang Hyuk-min haha. There was a colleague in the past who I wasn't friends with, but I was offended so I stayed away from him, but a year later, I found out that this was the situation... After asking several people, is he also suffering? Did you just say it was there?
A young entrepreneur.. has become a short-term business owner with a lot of money...
To be honest, Han Hye-jin is turning 37, and if you are a half-life woman, it is time to give up on marriage. She is 35 years old and is in the high-risk group. In fact, women in their 30s are old and old after picking on men, and their personalities are also bad. Is my lover a public figure?
Noisy
Is Moon So-ri a bubble?? I haven’t seen any of the films he’s starring in, and I don’t even know what he’s filmed recently.
Jung Joon-young may have said something out of anger even though he was on 1 Night 2. Tsk tsk, if he feels wronged, he just opens up on KakaoTalk.
Go to the military, and don’t even dream of avoiding military service.
Nya you!!!! (Thinking of Oldbo)
This guy is turning into a scoundrel, but it would be fun if he went to Rizal.
To be honest, rape is a worse crime than drugs. They say rapists are not treated as human beings, even in bread.
When I saw you doing the interview last week, I was so envious of you because you did well ㅠㅠ
Minho's fingers are blowing the bob cue
Is that drama about Laf On Mars? The sun is not setting. The original British drama is Laugh on Mars All Gira Laugh on Mars.
Goo Hye-sun.. you’re like a dirty snake.. you’re a dirty bitch. The way you stretch by holding on to your pants is so vulgar.
They really are both fetishists and work sincerely in places away from cameras, so it's a pity that they are being questioned about their affiliation. They are a really nice couple.
To everyone who has seen it, please hit the recommend button and we wish you a great year in 2020 and long live your family. Have a good night and sweet dreams, everyone.
But Jin Man-seon feels repulsed.
Nancy Lang is a very kind person.
Is it dry?
Wind is not a crime, so what... Zen times have changed. Like Jong-guk, Ipseon is also in free love. It's the 21st century.
Please let Manny be my lover too..ㅠㅠ He’s handsome, has a good personality, and I like him..
Kim Ji-won is one of the best actresses in her 20s. I hope she does well.
Haha, I hope you don't come back again. I hope you don't come back. I'm surprised.
What is this guy? ㅡㅡ
Aren't you married? Single?
This guy has trashed the feminist community and is now in a relationship with Kyungri, so of course they are all squirming haha. Bet you cognitive dissonance bastards haha. Wait for me to file a complaint~
Don't wear clothes that hurt your feet. Don't wear long skirts. If you're short, you'll look even shorter. You can look good with ordinary clothes, but if you're greedy for your personality, you'll regret it when you look at Park Rae's past in the future.
Kang Won-rae was really harsh on Han, but he seems to like it?
The combination of Kang Ho-dong and Su-geun is something obvious.
Even if you think about it, it’s difficult to think about it. Haha, the man is old, rich, and cool. Haha.
Even if you do this, it won’t work...ㅜ
You are a single parent. I hope you don't have to pay taxes.
It's always so much fun. It looks like it will be a huge problem in the future. Byung-hun’s eyes are like a bag of rice?
A woman's door should be avoided by a man.
Really... Are you in a relationship or rumored to be dating? ㅠㅜ
Are the Hell Joseon bastards complaining about racism? You guys are just saying that Chinese people are chinks and you are monkeys, but all you can do is talk about Westerners on the Internet, right? Those bastards who will get beaten up if you don't show them to their faces haha.
Siᆞᆞᆞᆞbya Watch and learn from Yoo Jae Suk, don’t just make money.
Yoon Jeong-geon ate poison and didn't pay any price, so I thought it was just a set-up, but I figured it out when I saw it.
Byung-hun, what did I do wrong? I saw the organ of my heart and I liked it because he was handsome.
Since it’s Bokgil, it’s got a bit of a studio feel to it hahaha.
Does it seem to me that this is a ploy to make money? Is this all a show?
I feel sorry for Ryeo-do and Dal-su hyungㅠᆢ
I didn't watch it, but I feel uncomfortable these days.??? Sangmin Jaegi, success, and hard work are good to see, but what's with the red pepper powder?
I saw it in the summer of 2002, and Seo Ji-young and I were driving a sports car... 18 years ago haha.
Kang Seong-hoon... I feel like I'm going to commit suicide. I really want to take care of my health and get back in good shape.
Grasshoppers are a thing of the past ㅡ Elementary school man Jikdo keke The target is Baek Jong-won ㆍ YouTube is a big thing these days. It’s been a while since I watched TV.
It's all good, but I wish Park Soo-hong's mom didn't come ㅠㅠ
Haha, I'm a sucker, but my friend wants to do it? What is this? My friend, you're a good dog. You're a new star too haha.
It's good to see that you seem to be reflecting a lot.
Angry Nobra is a girl crush and they are in dog houses.
Won, cheer up!
It's actually really cool. The goddess heroine was reborn with a beauty that could be any other. It's not OOO-looking and it's a really successful plastic surgery, but I hope you don't touch it anymore and maintain it well.
Have you ever been to Love Switch? Haha, if you watch a show, you'll see that all men are "types", but in reality, I'm not interested at all. Are you just clicking this button to get a lot of camera shots and interviews? Haha.
He's a drug addict and he's on TV?!
After all, women are good for being skinny, but let’s be honest and say we like skinny women on the inside.
It's not easy to go there while I'm serving in the military, but since I'm a lover, I want to go there.
I want you two! You are a pretty girl~~~^^♡
In the U.S., a lot of people died, but there was no news... so you can check www.afreecatv.com/gtv7
Is it really that long ago that I married a man with a lot of money? Sangmu-hyung Raesalyo Baal ㅠㅠ
Quickly pay the settlement and the Mangblizz escapee’s pretense is over.
If you're bad, you'll be forgiven~
Is the PD crazy about the restaurant?? He eats and hangs out all the time, and the content is all crappy.
I looked through the comments and looked at the gender ratio, 70% female lol.
Don't act like you're great while going down the road that Big Bang guys have laid down^^
The Stone of Jaeguk?? Was there also a Rundeutbo group?? Not as popular as Bangtan, business of interest keke
You know that if you mention even the initial consonant of your real name, you feel sued???? Did you mention that you are ready to eat savory chicken heads?
Real estate reporting is a huge disappointment. Sonjin too.
Saengmin Kim With the money I made from 10 commercials, I will go to Lulu La Ding Ding and live well... It would be even better if I live well in a private house without fine dust...
Criticize everything~
There's no way Jo Hyun will get hurt. If he gets hurt, he'll probably get more from those who cursed him. Haha, those who are upset because Hee looked in the mirror?
She looks miraculous.. Typically, she only thinks about school and studies well.. I feel like I like Han Hye-jin better as a person.
The more I look at it, the more I feel the vacancy between Yoo Yeon-seok and Seo Hyun-jin. These two tall, handsome and pretty models just have to film 'School' and 'Dream'. Please don't be harsh. Seong-kyeong wants his group to practice acting!
The reason why there is a female lead is because the rule is that the last thing you do is with a woman.
Kupil Koreanni
I started playing Tajinyodle. Unfounded suspicions about Seo Dong-ju's history may also result in a lawsuit for defamation of reputation by spreading false information. Just keep an eye on the other person's job and play with your fingers.
Yoon Seong-han’s freeka dog fun..
You've committed a deadly sin, and these people are really useless. It's scary to have your life controlled by Hallam. From now on, make sure you have a good relationship with money. Seungyoon and Manny will want it, too. I hope you don't have a car in the exhibition hall.
Is Han Hyo-joo plagiarizing the movie??
Stress seems to be the cause, so Moon Jae-in is responsible.
Within 100 years, after a major sexual war between men and women, polygamy, banning women from politics, and cutting out women's voting rights will become a common culture around the world. The hen radish cries.
Thank you, you guys. Do you think committing suicide will make you feel better? Are you clean? While having the same wolf natures.
There aren't many malicious comments, but the fanatics are going crazy. Please don't post malicious comments. Sleep well, the fanatics of Naeronambul.
Jeolla-do Gwangju-sal Todong-gu) Go away to Monkey Island
Dae-eun is under threat. If he finds any weakness, he will balk in his first starting game next year.
Your Mizzy looks like a villainous girl haha. The fact that she fights with Han Lin and Han Hyo-joo for the Best Acting Award is eye-catching haha.
There are two Garys??
I'm so proud that I applaud
As expected, Dong-geun hyung was awesome... It was like a musical~ The little boy was cute haha.
Shin Jung-hwan appears in Daegukmin and Gil Shameless
Before committing suicide due to malicious comments, the first priority is to check each person's life~~~
Even if it's the same man, if you ask your lover's military service, you will want your lover unconditionally.
Full of the smell of Suzaku~~~
Who the hell is this galbo bitch?
Yonsei University Department of Political Science and Diplomacy and Byrd Law School. I think it's a tremendous amount of education. I think he would have done a great job in politics.
Jeon So-min is really cute and Kim Ji-seok is exciting, she has a great body ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Song Eun always goes hand in hand and doesn't make me cry.
She's such a beauty...there aren't any beauties out there...
Kids these days are so tall that they stand out at over 190cm.
I just think 1 Night 2 is boring and immoral. Please abolish it. It is a parent’s admission fee.
Women are stupid
I'm shaking so bad. LOL
Are these crazy people really working part-time? Are you making a fuss because even the Chinese don't care? John, every bedet ball is disgusting and puke, pay attention.
Seungri: I made a hundred mistakes, but trust Al and skip it... He is the spokesperson for the current government.
It was too much. It is the government's fault, and the fault of the innocent civilians who died in the atomic bomb. It feels even scarier that I don't know if this is a scary act.
If the parents are criminals, the children also become criminals... I don't know if the parents did it right.
Other than Haeyoung and Rick, isn’t there any Shinhwa???
Haha that’s funny. I followed him to the hotel room.
When I looked at it, the plot was about a slave, Eugene Choi, who went to the United States and seduced a high-status girl. . . volunteer army. Give up the patriotic movement. . !
