
They say they're picky and saying all sorts of things. The process of making the country completely naked~ Anyway, the truth will be revealed through the hearing.
I’m worried about a guy who speaks in dialect
Castration is the answer for this guy
The girl is so fun and cute!!!♡
One mistake can ruin your achievements..... He is a love-hate character. But I hope it ends well.
A person who can be trusted
Just write the facts
Wow.. I can't believe it..
Boxer! you ? We met at the location! Heungkuk, the same sect, is having a hard time!
Woo Lim, I really congratulate you!!
Hahaha, I'm confident and just leaving.
Cheer up, Kyung. I hope you don’t get hurt by your stubborn words.
The body was all over the streets... Big pig jumma warby ㅉㅉㅉㅉ
When they see this, they say it's fucking stupid.
A face without makeup
Don't worry your daughter's mother...
I am a Dink person in my 40s and I envy you. If you have a nyanda, your family will be more harmonious.
They say we're dating because we like each other, but who cares? Nam life, rumbling, rumbling, tsk
“I used to receive strength and comfort from the song ‘Norazo’, ‘Hyung’. I would be grateful if you could bring joy and comfort to others by singing ‘Norazo’ in the future as well.”
As expected, yg is amazing, j y p is amazing, run stone jogi, yg jyp is also really awesome.
lucky year
Hyunkyung Daebak is scary
The best iron panda ever
I love this couple haha
It's unreasonable ~ Woojin is so cute and goodbye, so I changed my mind again ~ Rather than regretting it, I thought it was a good thing ~ You can live faithfully without getting married.
I even told my predecessors to resolve the faults of their predecessors, but the Koreans gave no answer. Don’t blame Hell Joseon. I don't want to have the national character of Hell Joseon passed down to me.
I hope you meet up with the person... Actor Miji doesn't seem to be of any help... My fellow actor is there...
Giregi. Who stays still when Gilda gets stoned??? Garbage fishermen get banned from YouTube, it's a social evil.
It didn't work, I'll say it before I die
I heard that Moon Jae-in was also involved, so I guess that’s why.
I don't care about the viewership ratings. It doesn't matter if she's good or not. Hye-kyo, I'm just happy to see her. She has a pretty face and good acting, and she's trustworthy.
During the Leeds days, the popularity was Moon Hee-jun, Kangta, Jang Woo-hyuk, Tony and Jaewon in that order. Moon Hee-jun was G-D level, Kangta's wife had tens of thousands of fans across the country, and Jang Woo-hyuk had a ton of male fans. Tony was Jaewon level.
Haha, the president is taking it easy and having fun haha.
It's pretty
Jo Min-ki will live..... in moderation.....
Hwijae is the same as when he was young
Don’t be fooled by Song Hye-kyo.
An old maid, a kimchi girl, a good drama, a photo of a man, and a man with a bad form lol.
Unrivaled trash broadcasting station... There are many different types... First report on a broadcasting station that produces contest programs and steals money.
Good night. It would be easy for Soyeon to remarry with a lawyer or a building owner in Gangnam, but why would she live with a man she doesn't like?
Kang Han would like to hold a two-shot with Han Ji-min...Han Ji-min's radish is pretty.
Goodbye, go to a nice place at the entrance. If you see Nojjang, be sure to ask if it was murder or murder.
Seolhyun, there's no need to go to Mango, just leave it there haha. Aoa is a complete failure haha.
I hope actor Ahn Jae-hyun overcomes his troubles and recovers.
Are you the ultimate Marvel boss?
Is Jang Dong-gun Jesus? I guess you could say he's a handsome guy. He got along well with the times and did well. Lately, I feel like he's got a good face.. Are you also in the acting industry? Baby...I can't do this too much
I knew that Park Rae was ugly in modern times, but I really felt that the TV that I was watching was rotting my eyes out. Seriously, it's a malicious comment. People around me are like Park Rae. change channel
I'm doing everything to get out of the military.
Are you just raising your child? lame
Mijin, be really careful! If you make a mistake, you will be ruined. The same goes for the murder case.
It's common sense. How can it be easy for a handsome actor like Jo Jae-hyun to commit sexual assault? Do you have a brain? Are you telling me that one poor girl is ugly? Well, please help the handsome Jo Jae-hyun, Jeong Sang-ji.
Are you snooping on the drug war broadcast?
..Is Kim Chung-jae a celebrity??
Si-eon's house has a lot of new luggage. How are you filling up the household chores? You act like an old man.
Sure...
But the truth is that there is no one more handsome than Kang Daniel in BTS.
The good thing is that even though my father divorced me, I helped him a lot and worked hard to keep him from falling down the wrong path. Even though it's not good to watch broadcasts, I'm doing my job as a mother. I hope you sleep well in the future too ^^
If you're looking for a nice article...
Sol Pharmacy House was really fun.
Is it crazy to go out early in the morning and eat it? LOL
It's so pretty. Jeong Mi-ae.
What do you think about Zwon Minjoo?
Anyway, are you a former drug addict like Toilet Yoochun?
I saw the discharge myself. A person who is too soft to stick around. Who go to Hollywood~!!
Are you done making money in China? live indecently
La crime is a good place to live.
If you don't spoil it...is it okay to go up there and lie down and take pictures if you are allowed to?
TV Chosun put it on TV Chosun, but I thought it was natural and I was shocked that they were charging so much for the event even though they didn't have any popular songs.
Looks like a refugee lol
I know the crew to some extent. They were fired because there were 3 positions and there were too many doors.
I'm jealous of Goushida's fortune haha
Don't be angry. It's scary to see Yoon Se and Soo-im pretending to be nice and then suddenly changing... You can't do it. They fought with Ye Seo and Hye, and I heard that Ye Seo was threatened, so I thought Ye Seo was the culprit.
Seojin talks about Han Ji-min every time she broadcasts. Is there anything that MC reporters ask other than Han Ji-min? Even the rebroadcasts that I bought after PD and writer Kim Dae-joo said that Seojin was hoping for Han Ji-min, I can only feel Seo-jin's selfishness.
You all know that the current government burst into silence to cover up left-wing incidents such as Son Hye-won, right? Seungri and YG are trying to target their superiors beyond the company. The left is scary. Son Hye-won's spirit is completely lost.
If you've done something wrong, you deserve to be criticized. If you're criticized for something unrelated, it's too bad. I have an open mind.
Han Su-min is pretty.
Kim Seung-hyun's new bride is amazing??? Can't you clearly see the housekeeper's face??? Kim Seung-hyun's family is fired!!!
Changseok is sincerely curious about Chae-eun...is she filming~~?
Yeon Jeong-hoon disliked
I fixed a lot. It was cheap, but it's better to have fixed it.
If you are an adopted daughter, you will inherit the property, and if you think about the future, you will get a lot of money.
So Ji-sub, you idiot. Are you a wealthy man like So Ji-sub who can buy a building in Seoul? Zodiac sign? The real So Ji-sub! A 17-year-old can jump rope with the 12 zodiac signs.
I think they will send Moon Jae-ang to prison and get him executed.
Please show me too
EXO is like an untouchable stone god, so I don't dare to say anything about it, but I think I'm targeting BTS because it is easily achievable.
It feels like I'm going to Seojin because I don't want to go... It's a neutral feeling.
Hongjin always creates a run-style atmosphere, so I don't think things will go well. If it's just a broadcast, it looks like it's done.
I'm so stupid, I'm pissed, so I'm getting annoyed.
Really...seriously...it's so boring that I change the channel...is going to Jigyo on a variety show??
Even though I'm on active duty, I'm just a guy. I don’t show military pride
Dragging a partner who is a college student haha ​​is embarrassing..
Is this an anti-American nationalist drama during the Moon Jae-Ang era? Haha, they really ruined the communists by revitalizing them in the southeastern part of the country.
Ra is rotten.
There are so many jummas, I can't get immersed.
If you're Song Joong-ki, you'd be pretty, young, and smart... He's got plenty of money... I definitely want to marry someone in his 40s. At the time, it seemed like a bean was put on the pod.
If Cho Kuk becomes the Minister of Justice, everyone will be afraid so they will lie like this??????????????? Controversy over Cho Kuk's daughter, I hate Cho Kuk, but with all the fake news, it seems like I'm supporting Cho Kook~~~~~ Stop it.
Training work activity
The fact that he has good visuals and good skills doesn't make me sincere. If you rap with a short tongue in Korean, I think you'll be fine, but if it's rav, there's honestly no difference between it and the company.
I thought he was a pretty new actor who appeared as Rain and was good at acting~ I enjoyed it even more thanks to Se-ssi~ Please continue to act well in the future^^
If you are a man with a fetish for fat women, then if you only think about acquaintances for restaurant notifications, get a drama and lose weight.
Teach me poetry
Albegi said he didn't even know Tali was handsome because he had a common face. He praised the level of Tali's face.
Is this guy scolding? He always says obvious things.
I fucking love you, MBC, reallyㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠI was crying out for Bangyu to be sent home last year, and finallyㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I felt like porridge.
Go on a date and become beautiful.
Put away the narration. It really doesn't fit.
King of Mask Singer Jikdo... Nice to meet you ㄹ
I wonder what the Moon Jae-in administration is trying to cover up by ruining one person's life... It's heartbreaking.
Is there anyone who goes to see Jikdo Girl? It's dirty to open a wallet.
..Nam Joo-hyuk’s hair looks like this, so I would believe him if he were really Lerang.
It's a pity that victory is being shattered.
It doesn't matter how popular you are, you'll know whether it will change or not as it rises higher.
I change the channel every time I watch the music room.
They all look so cute like their mom~ +_+
You decorate your shoes ㅜㅜ A real man, even though you don’t like people, you look like G-Booster and decorate expensive sneakers ㅡㅡ
Direct TV is shameless
Did smoking prevent you from debuting? There's no one who doesn't smoke.
What is 2 Nights 2? Giregi
The star is getting more and more ruined
Isn’t that like going to your hometown?
Would he have been the center just because he was good? He would have been appointed as a staff member. Putting them in a ranking order, like taking pictures at a wedding, is discrimination.
I made Seolhyun feel sexual shame, is it a sin???? I guess my grades are bad. Seolhyun is a kid who can't study. Do you feel sexual shame??? Haha, I feel a lot of shame about not being able to study. lol
Since the main enemy is a dog... If you get along well with the US, there is no need to worry about Dokdo.
I don’t think you need to cry. You're pretty!
Please don't be active in Korea. I don't know where you're going with this ignorant American girl.
I was so sad watching the program after crying for 3 years after suddenly suffering from a cerebral hemorrhage... I miss you so much... Mother Yeon, stay strong, stay healthy, and stay strong!!!!!
I did it, I was so disappointed
I managed it very well..do I want to do that?
I also hate the twist that cuts off the neck.
It was a precious vote in front of the press.
What on earth is the silver level of Jung Woo-sung's regime? Jung Woo-sung deserves the grand prize just for his contribution to the world of art.
They're so stupid that they're the essence of the #MeToo movement. They're digging into celebrities' private lives. They're so stupid.
Hang on, I’m not even good at broadcasting.
It's seriously ugly...
Neither side did anything good.
Should I baf?
Korea is really right.
Oh my~ You’ve already grown so much~~ Oh my, you look just like me~~^^ It’s adorable~^^
It's frustrating to say that we're dating.
To be honest, I can understand it with a girl, but I can't understand it with anything lol.
I thought you were embarrassed.. Have you been scolded?? I thought the show host who was so secretive about his private life was going to be on TV..
So, I took some nude photos and ran with it..
go ? You look so young...
If I knew it was Rokim, I would have watched it ㅜㅜ. I thought Yoon Geon wasn’t that good so I skipped it ㅜㅜ
Kim Hyun-joong’s bed girl j?
I'm watching a show just to see you, but you don't have any personality or are funny... It's like you have a crush.
I'm not sure if it's strong or not! Even though he looks good, he stinks!
eyes look sad
I want it, CEO Baek.
Cheer up, San!
Why do you say 'I'll be nice to you, Ok' at the wedding? It's really annoying. I'm really tired of Mr. Yogwangsan Kim. If you're not going to have tea, just go to Mr. Ok's family and just Mr. Kim!! Mr. Kim Seung-hyeon of the firewood store is missing only the rice.
ㅋㅋㅋ Even if you take it out, it's ugly. What can I say? It's heartwarming. ㅌㅋ
Don't you have any boring stories? Giseodo Dart Giseodo Dart If you lose weight, you won't get sick of it. Darts also help people lose weight because they say they have a constitution that suits people. I hope there will be an article about boring celebrities.
A city that breaks ties with a blind person and lives. The habit of couples who don't care and don't care is disgusting. Is pseudo-rations necessary?
I'm 14 years old now, so I know how to feel. Thank you for saying what I want to say to my mom on my behalf. Haha.
Don't curse at Song Hye-kyo. Eat gosomi.. Be careful because a long capture unit will gather after taking the coordinates. Do you bleed because you're scared of poop? If it were like the U.S., you would be in prison... That's why Korea is an underdeveloped country.
May the soul rest in peace. Rub your left hand~ Rub your right hand~
less
Is marrying a Korean person worth your life?
Daji...I saw it because of the kid~~~~
Are you throwing out stones?? Jagbi Woo?? If it’s you, don’t just show it off.
Park Myung-soo runs because he is happy, but his physiognomy seems to be better. On the other hand, Yoo Galbi and Moon Jae-ang cackle.
If Shin Da-eun Forgets Entertainment
This is an article that will make you very uncomfortable.
My favorite was Kim Do. She wonders what she is doing now. If she was normal she would be working hard.
Don't do it all
The real truth is that the wealth that is left is beauty, but we only fight bitterly on the net, which doesn't work lol.
life*The Republic of Korea is a mess because there are dogs and pigs like you. You know the Lord. Munbechung, a bep and a pig, is trash that eats cultural broadcasts.
I live alone, but Jeon Hyun-moo keeps asking me to find a house, so I take pictures of them living on their own.
Son Seung-yeon As if there are no people on the street
Please call me. You are the god of the Giant Tower at Yanger Tower.
If it makes you uncomfortable, don’t watch it. Who asked you to do it? Haha.
Big~~ As expected, Daniel Henney~~ 1 loss for a Korean man~~ The ratio is different,, different from the Hannam kimchi guy, of course....!
There is no such thing as a rule or a rule. No answer.
Even if I take it out, you’re a pig
Didn’t you say there won’t be an exhibition? I don't see it. Bob Bless You ❤️❤️
year year year wish
Ham So-won evil. The thing that seemed to be like a rat after Jinhwa was...it was a mess from the beginning of the week. Diving into the conflict between parents and their parents.
Taehee is also old ㅠ Her acting is totally awkward ㅠ No fun.
But is it floating like this? I'm going to sing this song at least once
If you're thinking of dating, let's date quietly.
Don't you know that the Hong family meant what they said...?! Jeolla-do cannot deal with this.
I'm not interested in martial arts, so let's go fishing lol.
Honestly, I don't think there's a human being who doesn't have money taken from him, but if he didn't do that, he wouldn't be cursing like Marshal Buldaecheon, and the person who was defrauded would have been at the same level as the person who was scammed, so wouldn't he have benefited from lending something? Before you curse, put your hand on your chest.
These days, I don't trust Subs....
Jumma in her 40s has a PC room, and her mother thinks about the bulletproof statue and loses to Moon Jae-in at Gyeongpo University.
Mignorini is so stupid.
'Bitch'... You were so arrogant on a regular basis. I hope I don't see you on a TV stage again. This is your punishment for being arrogant.
...It's a pity... They don't say it's a disease... According to research in the US, they say it's a chromosomal abnormality... It can be treated, but I don't trust people in this world...
Are people in their 20s and 30s covered in articles? That's why they shouldn't be given the right to vote. Mnet pre-voting and Salji woman
Me Too, please repay me with music rather than Hannam.
Please make sure to expel Choi Jeong-hoon as well. Let’s start a movement to expel Janvi and Janchaeng vocals!
Let's make no personal attacks. How clean are you? ㅠ Even though this book is top class, recognized even overseas... I have also raised my reputation in Korea, so I hope you will leave it alone. Please don't get hurt anymore, I always want it. ㅠㅠ
I'm posting an article about who is curious about the American flag.
Change the channel at the beginning of the episode. No matter how hard you try to hold onto his gaze, it's okay. I say it because I feel sorry. Can't run to the scene the audience is waiting for?
The disbandment process was natural and the members benefited whether they knew it or not, so I believe they cannot escape their moral responsibility. I have no choice but to ponder and wait for the time being.
It is true that going to Seoul National University is harder.
Jinjin, please apologize to Boom. Mr. Boom, who impersonated Boom and enjoyed one-hits by hanging out at a t-shirt club and signing autographs, was suffering to the point of having a panic attack due to all the damage. If you are a human being, Boom, you should kneel down, bow your head, and apologize.
Haha, the pants that Alex was selling. . . I was sewing when I grew up, and oh haha, my pants were so fluffy that it made a mess~ ㅜ
Little brother...
Be careful with the comments, you'll get sued~ Even if it's unreasonable, you haven't done anything wrong, so just cover it up. You'll lose for your pointless abuse of men. Especially, I hate you ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Tsk tsk......
Since I'm married to a young, wealthy man, I'm very jealous haha.
What kind of heartache is it? It just goes away. If there really isn't anything
Jeolla-do also supports the Moon Jae-Ang Juche faction regime~
Go to the military, Gummer et al. It's good. Gummer et al., return home like that.
Will Ko Ji-yong come?
Hey guys!!! Kim Yong-guk is Korean-Chinese, but he’s this handsome?
Last night, at the playground in front of my house, there were 5 people speaking with Jeolla-do dialect, smoking, drinking, making loud noises, urinating on the street, etc. I reported it to the police station and two police officers also spoke in Jeolla-do.
Do you think I will invite you if my husband is cut off? You're done. Who can protect an actor like Lee? It's a miracle...
What if you reveal who it is?? Members are also affected. Who asked you to manipulate it? They fabricated everything above and now they are standing still as soon as their activities are over, so now they are both victims. I'm going to the arrow member (I agree)
Looking at the fact that you have changed more than 30 times, it seems like you don't have a good personality, but you are a person with great moral character and a good eater haha. You are definitely a person who is obsessed with eating.
Jo Jae-hyun's acting was really good...
It's a mess because of debt
It was a mistake, because there was a lot of corruption.
They say he’s 39 years old ㅡㅡ Yang Se-jong is in his 20s???
The way you speak is sweet
Dong-mi, stay strong while fighting.
Wang Jin-jin's wife, Nancy Lang, you have become even prettier after marriage haha. Wang Jin-jin ♡ Nancy Lang, please live happily ever after with sweet love. Forget the past and find happiness in all things. Haha. And don't pay attention to what Tizen says.
Abolish it, you idiot.
Jeonju Jeolla girl’s mother became like this due to malicious comments, so all Jeolla people are enemies. Old books and old adults are all worth it.
If something goes viral, it becomes a big fuss haha. Even an innocuous incident gets a lot of swell if the ingredients go viral haha. That's why the old saying goes, be careful of your tongue...
It's really hard to not be blessed with a child like this..
The last thing Nam Gyu-ri said was, “You can do it again and always.” I hope it comes true. You were a fan too, and all three of you were in tears.
It's a pity that I can't feel fatherhood.
I hope you are wanted by Interpol for defamation.
Drama Jikdo ~~~
It was a nuisance because I bought something that didn't suit me as tall as a dwarf.
It's not even clear that it's direct sexual harassment, but it's only celebrities who are exposed all the time, so why are you forming a theory? The conclusion can be exposed. So, if you are found guilty of false accusation, who will be responsible for being so belittled and stressed out?
One person's life is becoming a complete mess... As long as you're happy with each other, it will end. Just live with a smile like you do now... Don't change your mind... The Russian people are watching. Don't break up~~~!!!
Yoo Sanseul and Kodari Love Duet Gaz~!!!
That's why I joined the army.
plagiarism
I thought it was Gilyong ㅜㅜ
Jeon Hyun-moo's nose is going to bleed....lol
He's tall, handsome, and has a good personality, so he criticizes people haha. It seems like he wants to do everything and rushes at him, but even if it's unreasonable, he's the same person. Comments and comments are the same.
I only see Shinhye, she's so pretty and Emma is really Sinbichedu Juyeondan. I see a lot of Gu Jindo.
Looking at the comments, it seems like it's fun but it's at the level of rushing into it?
She's a pretty girl~^^
....Korean beauty's representative spray...a beautiful, pus-like moisturizer...I didn't know the sadness after the moisturizer.
Toji District Gangnam
When I see you, I only think of verses. It's scary when a fool has faith. I congratulate you on your marriage and I hope you live well. I hope you live well.
I feel like I don't trust Sarim... He says he's meticulous...
Were you always skinny? Anyway, I’m jealous ^^
Totally excessive settings haha... Really boring.
Even if you don’t want to eat, eat some food and go. No alcohol, no smoking, only coffee. I hope you get better soon.
There are a lot of stupid people who judge personality on TV screens..lol.
Like Gura, I tried my best to get revenge.
Is Macro Dot a sin? It's a shame. I heard that becoming a celebrity is similar to winning the lottery. It's a shame.
I wonder if wealth will change what it did wrong.
I saw the will and received it from Dear Cloud... Is the public aware of it?
But really, Han Hyo-joo is the prettiest in the world.
lim? The person~
Nice sister
If you get married and your husband beats you and asks you to live with him, it's betrayal, okay? Your logic is different, but I sympathize with the opposite, right? Won’t you?
They didn't even show the trailer ㅠㅠ How long can I wait?
Don't be fooled, Chinese people are actually not good. It's just an illusion to spend money and get money back in China.
It has really changed a lot and has become uglier.
I would like to give a plaque of appreciation to Jang Dong-min, a citizen of Wonju. My hometown is a mountain, but I am promoting it to put down roots in Wonju.
Hyunbin's eyes are not good...
What is it that allows you to control the timing of your enlistment?... Yoon Doo-joon is like that, and he says he will enlist, but the thought of appearing in a drama is quite difficult.
Do you only get bruises on your feet, hands, and knees? If you get beaten up, you'll get bruises on your face and stomach.
Who was always incarcerated?
It was fun and the story seemed well written.
It's illegal for a man and a woman to have sexual intercourse at the age of 16, so who cares... If you have money, you'll get married and have children, and enjoy life in middle age better than anyone else.
Ku Hye-sun's nipples weren't sexy... I was disappointed...
miss you. sing. Performance! Hurry up!
Always confused and pretty, what are you doing?
Fighting!!!
To be honest, Dal-su paid for all his sins with anger. Let’s forgive him..
The hateful premarital pregnancy?Langya?Girl's identity is revealed..lol
Kim Kyung-jin is also getting married hahahaha
Jeongjae looks like he's in his 50s or 60s, but compared to Kim Dongjun, he looks like a virgin.
Ugh, the castle I hate to the monster
Watching voice actors is the best. Everyone in the family plays.
Very boring Utul entertainment, very boring Hwaseong 0%, obsolete girl group song, Eoga
For some reason, I thought it would be a big deal since 1st place Kku was defeated and Mudge Kku was destroyed, but there was a reason. But 3 and 4 were vote count manipulation, which is a real crime, but I think there was also a request for camera-length character miscellaneous housing in 12.
Have you become prettier? My love❤️❤️❤️
Isn't it better than the Handang that was blacklisted? I invited them to cheer them up, but I'm half sensitive lol. The Handang is going to build a tax museum. I hate both the left and the right, but the right is more disgusting.
As expected, they will disgrace Korea ㅠㅠ
Doesn’t Kim Hee-ge know about her father’s debt? Oh no...
Park Ho-san, what kind of nonsense are you talking about? Just make a drama richer.
You can enjoy it, but aren't you a fan of not enjoying it? What are you doing wrong? Jeongjun, Jonghyun, and Seungri did nothing wrong! Because I don't enjoy cooking, I'm digging my stomach.
Even if you fix it with a guy, you don't fix it with a lover's level face, and you meet a man like Yongdae with an absolute neck.
Killed Uni. Even the real Korean Sulli Gura is dead, so I can't get enough of her if she looks pretty and in good shape. amazing
SM that manipulated Baeksang. Moon Jae-in's high school, corruption in broadcasting, culture, etc. is more serious. Mango is a manipulative fraud. Moon Jae-in is taken down without investigation even though he is begging for popularity.
I thought you really saw it haha, you really did a great job^^
Are you going to take control of a long-distance sword with a sharp blade?
I don't want to leave a comment, but despite it all... Tae-im got married, had a child, and was living well, but then one day, he suddenly got married... and I'm just thinking that he's going to post it again...
Is Jae-Ang Moon dead? His life is long.
It would be nice if there were 9.9 billion people. Well, getting married would be easy because you can choose.
Park Yuchun’s concert was okay because they poured cold water on him.
Mr. Gi, you shouldn't sit there. You have no humility.
Donate money...
The acting is always like this... Nyang Rae... It doesn't change... Nyang Rae...
There's a lot of mental illness ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ Anti-emotion dominates the brain, but the main course is a mess.
peel? If you run into an incident, you can post it on SNS... You're too busy posting ㅅ ㄲ without even looking at it on SNS.
Is 45 normal? I'm scared of having a baby
A fearless young child is sending me a message. The rain on the survival world is truly pitiful. A mentally immature person who is exposed to drugs is scary.
For some reason, it seems like people are going to go
Everyone in the world knew who Bom Ddabong 677 was, but.. Hon ㅠㅠ
You probably have a lot of money, but instead of going online, you go in person and throw in the money... I really wanted to just go and file the manuscript if I had the money...
BTS Jimin is also in a different class. He is a fan-loving class.
If you look at half people, it seems like a small punishment for losing your job and going to live in a prison for 2 years for 200 million won??
Mom and Bungeobbang are you ㅠㅠ It’s a pity ㅠㅠ
Wow, so cute... I think I'll play around with it when I grow up ♡♡
It seems like Yoo Jae-seok will force himself to do it while being whined. Three meals a day
It seems like it’s the end for you~ Ron Hye-seon’s episode~
The Herald didn't raise their reputation, but they used the word 'luxury' to write an article as if they were jealous. It's funny.
Prosecutor Yoo's methods were wrong... but he lost his father unfairly when he was young... and he must have a desire for revenge... that doesn't mean the harm won't go away... I... I wonder if Prosecutor Yoo was the one... Chief Moon's death was also sad... ㅠㅠ
Yoo is okay, the mask is okay, and the sad drama was my favorite, but it was buried haha. It's good for modern dramas, and it's good for Korean promotional purposes.
Trump made Pope Francis a communist haha ​​What on earth did he eat to live in this world haha?
Can you afford it? It's a thousand dollars, and it costs billions of dollars now. Even if it's Dok2, it can't compensate you. Just wait for it to be forgotten and reward it with a good album!
Looks like a cat? Joommas Love
Will EXO release an album with the money they earned?
ㅋㅋㅋ Are you upset bitch? ㅂㄷㅂㄷ Are you having a hard time swearing ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Your long face is a quote ㅋㅋㅋ
As expected, since I am marrying a young man, I will have children very quickly. good.
Are you comforting someone who just saw him out of his mind?
Horse critter, unemployed person?
It was definitely a lot of fun~ Let’s focus on the 3rd episode~
Even a pro who was fun and popular turns into a boring, forced laugh the moment he becomes a girl. Keep in mind, the girl is the cause of the boring fun.
There are people who are telling me to do something, but they seem like sexual harassers.
Hong Yun-hwa's goal is 30 kg, so I think she needs to lose 50 kg and the dress will be somewhat appropriate... haha. I've never seen such a fat bride in the world. haha.
Call me a pro haha
Even if it's others' fault, it's a mental illness.. If the deceased died in peace, is it all others' fault? It's disgusting that the rich are trying to get involved in politics as if they're dead.
You broke my husband's back by being rude, and then you tried to break my husband's back, and I was so embarrassed about the previous incident.
Just take Baeksu-unnie and send her to the land. Throw away the heavy baggage and have fun. I'm a fan, but I'm about to turn around after seeing Baeksuk-unni snooping around on TV.
You're saying that you're auditing an internal article without any basis, and the union that you're talking about collusion with the government is a far-fetched union... If someone inside the Handang High School is writing about corruption, who's going to call an audit based on groundless criticism?
Rum Jung Yong-hwa and apples
A good woman always ignores guest warm-up.
What trash
Let's take a look hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha it's Korea too hahahahaha
It was my first debut, but it was also good, so I made a huge hit and became a top star. I sincerely pray that your manuscript will always go well.
It doesn't matter whether your face is upside down or what you put in your lips... and you don't want to curse because you don't want to reveal whether you really didn't do it or not. Don't be nervous and don't make a fuss about what you did without causing harm to others.
I'm sad that Mickey's dad must have gone through a lot of trouble ㅜ
“There is no such thing as a ““person”” that fits. Does he look like a person? Do you think he is a person?...”
Let's try RPD and it looks good.
Voice modulation with Mark is all fun.
There's a big chance that someone 3 years older than you will influence you if you put up such an impenetrable wall and go public... If you stir-fry... I'll just say something to U-Kwon.
Mrs. Peu
I hope you take care of your daughter well.
OOO Taekong biting a dog with a clam is so fucking funny hahaha
The amount of drafting... If it's a human, it's boring. Han Hye-yeon is probably dreaming... Even Park Rae-ro is loud enough.
The person with the same name said she was pretty, but she’s the one who’s the best, so be thankful ‼️‼️
Choi Jin-hyuk's acting is amazing. I'm always tired of acting
I want to walk only on flower paths and see Noh Ji-hoon's immortal masterpieces. I cried when I heard the song "Effort."
Leave Ms. Park out of there. Shin Hye-sun is the one who made money off of everyone. Ms. Park is OOO, a shameless thief who only took spoons from the prepared meal.
I really don't know if Song Hye-kyo is pretty. Therefore, she is 31 years old. If you read my blog, you will know that she is male. But I think Jung Mi-ae is better...
Kim Tae-hee's younger sister is getting married, but she's getting married. Go know?
The thing is. Where is the handsome guy? Don't criticize me.
Does this make sense as a wise solution? Celebrity Hogu
I'm sick of altang entertainment
It's wrong to use fireworks, but it's a hiking trail, and there may be one person smoking on that hiking trail...
But I'm from Gwangju, Jeolla-do.
? I have a pretty face right now.
I didn't put the later over it with a plastic bag on it...
No matter what is legal, we will be happy while enjoying honest love with each other. I want happiness. I hope Hong Sang-soo's wife can shake off her foolish attachment to people's hearts and live a healthy life.
There's a ban on plastic surgery on Blackpink's door, right?
Park Bo-gum is an ordinary Christian god.
It may be difficult to be the same as Choi Soo-jong in 26, but if we look out for each other and care for each other, we fight less and make people happy.
The Uniqlo advertisement for Jisung Jijido is...
If the business is going well, it's better to move. If it's a good Dong-ro, you can get 20,000 won in Gangnam, but people eat it. 9,000 won is really Wonbongsa Baek Jong-won's chain, and there's no godliness at all.
I’m not even interested in it at all, haha. It’s amazing to see this article.
I'm worried about adopting Joker Star, who has a big mouth and raised eyebrows haha.
Thanks to Judge Zora, I lost my temper even more :( What is the reason for this unprecedented ruling??
I don't want to read the article, but Kahi just has a cute face.
I’m jealous of Park Seong-hoon....... Hyangdan is better than Chunhyang... I’m really jealous^^
No comments.........
The real thing has emerged!! I’m looking forward to Throne’s comeback.
1. Scratching a person’s face with your fingernails is murder of character 2. Is the statue a hidden camera? I have no thoughts about Megalian.
A person who hates Park Yoo, a typical person who destroys relationships, a mother-in-law who is extremely frustrating, I wish she would buy it and blow it away
I don't know what kind of advertisement you're making... I can tell.. is this going to be an article about your vitiligo? Are you also talking about constipation? Just stop it.
The happiest person these days is Chang Seok-geo Chae-eun, whose eyes are so happy. Chae-eun is lovely and pretty.
My husband... I don't see much of a car... I guess it's 2 trillion won...
Didn’t Kyungheon come?
What should I do about tax evasion?
Lee looks good~~~~
Who leaves malicious comments? They are called the worst generation of the 80s.
Please film the drama without causing inconvenience, Mr. Han Ye-seul. How you feel now must be how the staff felt at the time, right?
Just rest~~ Take a deep breath~~~~~~~~
Song Stage Seungyo guarantees viewership ratings for the longest period of time
9-year-old Jaewon Yeonmi, who is working at a large company.. Doesn't it make an article telling people not to write nonsense? It's boring
Song Joong-ki and Song Hye-kyo were featured on an overseas business trip. I was a fan, but I was disappointed.
I only push you hard but you write nonsense. You have an amazing past.
Crush really has a social life... it was great to see it^^
Chaeyeon appears...
The drama is boring compared to the previous work....
If you see this monkey, go to LA!
It’s okay to have MeToo once in your life, right? lol
Are you a bastard who knew that Ji was a full-time leaguer?
I only learned the basics of composing and now I feel like I can't play any better.
Except Park Kyung-rim.
I can’t watch Song Joong-ki’s drama~
I don't know who it is, but I'm sorry
But the male who has never worn a bra is foaming and making a fuss haha. He says he is not interested, but the percentage of comments on every article is Korean men in their 20s, 30s, and 40s haha. The male who has never worn a bra is the main one.
An American who didn't even go to the military is making money in Korea???? It's out of the question.
I got it haha. It’s easy to make money.
Did it jump out of nowhere? Jung Kyung-ho is cool~
Get married to the sunfish!
Heungguk Rae lived
In broadcasting, the script is the main work.
If I'm in a relationship, I'll sleep well haha
No fun!!!!!!!!!! Byung-hun is getting too old....
Even if it was Yeonsu, Lim Chang-jeong, and Kim Gura, would it have been accepted? Just grab the young woman by the hair and save the woman~~~~~
Since there are no malicious comments, you are the trend... Work hard.
Worst KVs weekend drama
It bites me that this thing gets reported in the news.
Fantastic Elastic
Jeon Hyun-moo? Jo Se-ho? Choose?? It's coming
I wish I hadn't seen him on TV. ㅡ ㅡ
Henry Jihangahalman came and didn't come. It's fixed, but take it out. It's more fun.
Baek Jong-won, pay attention to the taste of your restaurant. You cook the food so quickly that you chatter on the machine...
Did you put it in the T zone hahahahahahahahaha
Shinji is my star!!!!! Fighting!!!!!! Coyote, have fun!!!!!!
Petri got married? Haha congratulations ^^
It's getting prettier and prettier.
I got pregnant but stopped working.
I want to see Ssaga dance wearing a prosthetic suit and shaking her butt.
Why worry about your ex-wife... -, - Song Yoon, you live a busy life. Why are you posting on Instagram?? Just think about it...?? I want Song Yoon because he’s cool!!
How can you be this handsome?
I didn't wash the stockings I wore.
Seungyoon, please call me again. There is no harm in ruining the relationship between two people who have good chemistry by pointing out the past. Bye bye, are you hungry?
Wow, is it because I recorded it myself that I always post it on Instagram? I'm crying about managing the unknown.
In the end, I got better, but the person with my face
After seeing you swearing at Korea, I want Song Hye-kyo to be a really great person.
If the guide is the culprit, will it be reversed?
la human
How did Max Changmin die so suddenly?
Yumu is pretty. It’s also nice to see Yu’s pretty hair and star ring in every episode.
Kim So-yeon is the most beautiful woman in Korea.
Someone had an accident at the hospital. Where is the hospital?
Song Kang-ho: Go Mi-seon ㅠㅠ Do you have a plan?
It's really awesome...
If Woobin Kim had nasopharyngeal cancer, it would have been done already.
Are you hearing the sound of the door now?! The door in the upstairs room was so noisy it was killing me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m relieved to see the big bang bitch pics hahaha Don’t you look in the mirror?
People watching Live Alone (Special) I don't have any plans, so I'm giggling in the corner of my room while watching Living Alone.
Crush is so cute haha
But she's really pretty. If it's my first love, Jeong Gyu-woon, Jeong Gyu-woon is really the best.
Yoo Jae-seok has a set number of members he always goes to.
My heart breaks for Kim Jung-hyun. He kept filming only Phil Dolgo, and for no reason his reputation as an actor was ruined. Park Seo-joon used his brains well, but he didn't film Dolang. He filmed his first drama with Song Ji-hyo.
A man with big eyes likes a man with small eyes like this. A man with small eyes looks handsome. I am like that.
Is it harder to get to Seoul National University than your caste?
When I look at the flashback scene of Han Ji-min and Ji-seong's memories... I sympathize with the fact that marriage and high school life become tight, familiarity becomes longer and preciousness is lost. The OST song keeps playing. The night we danced under the moonlight ~ The day when the stars also shined on us ~
I don't like the sight of moles. What's the point in the world these days?
Looking at the photo, I can believe they are Baek Jong-won and So Yoo-jin.
They do everything they can to cover up the manor haha.
Yeon-seo is an actor, but Ahn Jae-hyun is an entertainer. I'm not good at acting, but I can't concentrate. If you're going to use an entertainer, use Seunggi.
Are you a 33 year old young man? Mr.?
If you apologize sincerely, I will forgive you if you lose haha.
The suggestion is to wear commercial clothes and be a hair star. Don't use the concept of a trapped Usuun.... A bride who is told that the outfit is cute is like a thief.. sloppy..
Was it my husband’s fault? Was he wrong? Funny guy haha.
The bitch is an American girl who sticks out in the camera department and is so shameless lol.
I think I'll be remembered for Hyun Bin's performance as Yoo Jin-woo, who surpasses Kim Joo-won's.
To be honest, it's random, but they're all good actors, so it's okay to date them~~
43.1 La.. Are you so happy that you want to show me that you gained weight? Are you pregnant?
what? I'm shocked...I can't believe it. Married man and woman?
It's easy to have a small physique, but G-Dragon is cool.
The person I hate is Hyun Bin and Son Ye-jin.
Friend cancer?? It's big if you move it...
What a wonderful testimony..!!
Is it a shame to be mentally ill and crazy??
Table of contents multiplication tables. Do whatever you can.
God, I can't believe you touched me. Should I explode it?
Is Jeongjun a celebrity? Is there anyone who whined about not being able to pay rent and didn't put on a project for 10 years? The best of all
I'm really worried that Mrs. Pil will break if she turns around.
Everything is written in an article.
Changseop’s attitude is not good lol.
I had a fight with Seohyun
If you want to drink, drink only to yourself and be punished for your sins.
The second daughter, who is being raised by a married woman, is also a broken person. Didn't he trick her into believing that he was his daughter? I'm sure he tricked Ye-eun and ordered him to attend the briefing session in order to gain Shin-do's trust. Ye-eun knew about it and went there.
The patriarch, Hannam, is a do-it-yourselfer.
He has a good personality and I like Yoon Jong Shin and his family haha. That's why a lot of people are jealous, but I hope you improve your life.
Hannyeo, who is over 40 years old and unable to get pregnant, is virtually useless and subject to separate collection.
Even if Park Myung-soo is like that, why is Kim Dong so arrogant? Hahahahahahahaha
necessary evil
Expected.. I went to Korea, but Father Hyung-seok tried to take over the company by threatening me, so I went back to Lada to finish it off..
I've never seen anyone who gave up on a bad job and ended up doing well.. and ended up losing.. tsk tsk tsk.
The atmosphere is really nice and the face is pretty too.
Voice acting is not interesting
What I'm really curious about is why your friend always puts Lu Zong's real sword number one on the list?? Is this a pending statement from the National Assembly for kindergarten? Is Kim Tae-woo's case more serious than the Qing Dynasty??
Hahaha, they fix everything, but I’m jealous hahahaha
I'm leaving Hunsu, who has never been in a relationship, to lose hahahaha. Just stay still as if you had never been in a relationship... (tears)
Among Taeri's blood, there is a blood called Marira. As far as visuals go, there is a simple blood without the pizza called Zarella blood that only you know.
Do you have the visuals of an actor? Song Hye-kyo's face is just amazing. Her classy face kills the mood.
Honestly, even if you lose weight, you can't help your basic appearance.
I tried watching the drama while holding the name.
Even a third-rate actor has a dating rumor published? Who cares?
So nice, so nice
Gianchahae, chahae, thanks to you, Honsanan
Expulsion? He doesn't have the money or the education level. Even if he gets paid the most. He stays home. Even if he doesn't become a singer, he will live better than someone with a strong law-abiding spirit.
It's hard to be a celebrity. As a public figure, you can make it public, but as a public figure, there is also privacy that can be protected. Keep the line
body is sexy
I think it's really pretty!!!!! The two of you seem so similar, I think you both have a lot of talent and talent. Even though you're both young, I'm really curious about the future of Wetland!!!
It's the same as before. . .
What is the point of going to a museum?? LOL
Ramiran Ramiran daughter cub
I'm not interested in anyone's interests.
I can't trust what's broadcast. Daughter-in-law, galguljiya kimchi
Les haha
I was surprised..
I was looking forward to it... Actually, it's annoying.. There are so many characters ㅜ They're not distributed evenly, what's going on? It's all over... Thanos was the strongest? Sorry for the spoiler, but if you exceed your expectations, it won't work out..
Horn news pops up.
I came here leaning against Shani Minho... If anyone has a photo with an interesting note, please let me know.
Honestly, the song was really good. If only Jungjun and this guy hadn't told me not to do it. .It’s a pity for T-St.
'Don't broadcast it!!!' I don't want to see you
As expected, Miss Corey is so pretty~~!
Liked 2 Disliked 2 Gen Good
Even if you get criticized like that, you still rank #1 on the music charts~
Take care of your height, like Kang Kyung-jun.
Is Jangbaekji also going bankrupt? My older brother is different, or my mother is different.. It's crazy..
The male and female protagonists look good together like real lovers.
My friends are not funny, I am appalled when I see them acting as if there is no camera, and when I see them wearing wedding rings that don't suit them, I don't think they are thinking about meeting a good man. Conservatives and progressives are just sitting still. It's true.
I buy yg, but he can be a good person. One thing that is certain is that the popularity of the agency is low, so it must be because of the mood that the articles continue to appear. Running is not good.
clothes
Just reading the article makes me cry ㅜㅜ
I enjoyed watching it, but you're the one who canceled the show, right??? What's the fuss about one staff member?
What's wrong with someone who left to find love?? When you find someone you love, isn't it natural to go there? I like EXO. I moved to Bangtan and went to Wowon. If you say that and stay, it's an affair?!
Song Chang Yuri not good
They say that people are ignorant because they wrote Hangul incorrectly... What's wrong with writing Hangul?
Fact: Yook Ji-dam is better than the person who writes it.
Violence between people should not be justified. It's really crazy to think that assaulting several people was done because they did something right.
My connections in the entertainment industry are so good that I think I will be able to return~
A woman is bound to be touched by a man anyway... and she was born a man, so she becomes a woman. A big name in the Korean painting industry is disappearing!
Lose weight! Died suddenly from a heart attack! But is this a popular person to wallpaper? I don’t know who that is.
If we've been together for 2 years... we probably know the locations of moles all over each other's bodies haha.
Celebrities smoking cigarettes
Just like that! I'm so cute
Are you a kimchi girl? Are you marrying a rich man? Haha. You know that you can't be a fan of chili, right??
It's not fun at all.
Park Rae Ma ㅡㅡ
Because it's Go Hyun-jung, I'm going to scold you.
It's so easy to find people these days, but I'm better at finding half people than I am. Prodo's old days are neither fun nor touching.
Yewon was pitiful.
Bonini's work. I'll play a prank on you. Since you are more adult than Chaeyeon, you have nice shoulders and chin. I will give you a full swing. joke.
People don't change easily. Kwon Sang-hoon pretends to change at a broadcasting company that wants to make money by putting people to death.. I came to scold him for making a surprise visit with a trailer, tsk tsk.
Daniel Henney, my husband, my son ~♥
Celebrities, just shut up. They use people’s deaths to gain popularity.
Good job Shika. It's not nice to see people filming high-end commercials and making a fuss. lol
Garbage is already gone. Don't go there
BTS is also obsolete, go away haha
May the deceased rest in peace.
Rather than being friendly, I think I want to build relationships because I was treated like an idiot during school lunches, but it's become a habit.
People who find anger boring have no emotions..what more do they want?..if they are dissatisfied, they can get angry themselves..
Yoo Jae-seok Chaebol Indie
Son Dam-bi’s soul is fixed and overflowing with power~
The drama was ruined
Yang Se-hyung is me. If Seung-gi is Seung-gi, then Sung Jae-ji and Se-hyung are just acting up. The song is real. It was great to be able to listen to Seung-gi’s song.
right! Really big tits!!!! Don't let your heart break~ It's okay~ It's okay~~ Wow
‘Chocolate’ is so boring ㅠㅠ I think we can all agree.
Really, Juri Hwasanu's easy-going humidity is great on every broadcast, and the humidity that always shines on every stage is so cool... That's why I became a mumu... I just keep walking on the flower path!!!
Park Bo-gum is Sabi and is more popular than BTS.
To be honest, she's cute, has a nice personality, and has a nice body.. I have a boyfriend, so even if my wife loses money, we'll just date each other.
But I was cursing Gura. The rest was so good that I was always on the side of Gura lol.
It's really embarrassing haha. I think Westerners and Asians are all ugly like that.
I feel like I'm losing money because I'm a star who can't hide things. She's pretty, but it doesn't seem to work out so I always want a sad actor~
I feel sorry for Kyeong, the strict daughter who married the ugly Yoo Jae-seok.
Jumma drama junkie Kang Ji Hwan Miji is good so I don't want to believe it Comments are all over the bed with bullshit like I'm a snake and there are no results.
Actress Go Eun-joo said they loved each other, but it was rude.
Haha, I started managing unknown celebrities haha.
Fuck it, it's in people's minds that they don't like how they look when they get older. He earned a lot of advertising revenue, so he has a rich face, and he's well-mannered. Of course, all people are like that. Even if he's pretty and good-looking, the other side hates him when he's managed.
The setting of him suddenly falling asleep in the car is random. When Seonghyun calls his dad, he talks in his sleep and responds... The more I watch, the more he replies. This is a drama.
Bangjeon Choi Kang Jina is more delicious~~ It's the best scene of my life~~~~!!!!!!!
Jo In-sung’s acting is so bad ㅇㅈ??
It's just the way it is! It's truly indestructible! Tsk tsk
Fun fun Yu smoke fun fun
A similar person to Mamiji is Citrine.
Woman in her 20s and 30s: (Thump thump thump) Gulp!!!!!!
I bit the guy who mocked the lunge, but the left is red haha.
Minseo Kim?
I worked hard on the commercial, ㅡㅡ
People in their 30s don’t even go to the military, but are they that interested in it?? What are the top 3 things you dislike the most??
Hmm....Song Joong-ki seems to be in a hurry to get married...I guess Song Hye-kyo just wanted to stop him from getting married....
Face = Mom’s face looks a lot like her. If you want to give birth to a handsome child, just give it a try haha.
You're young.
Isn’t there always a lot of useless content?
Oh, half an entertainment reporter?
Are you getting criticized for it? I'm Jongteuk, a Korean who can't see things going well for other people.
It's okay, it's a wedding joke ~what? Treatment for depression? Goo said Ahn Jae-hyun was also strong.
First kiss? I think we had it last time.
If I wear a military uniform, am I a woman of deep-rooted corruption? If Moon Jae-in wears a good people's uniform and artificial flag, it will go up. Haha.
To be honest, I'm a bit short... My height and bust are also weak. I can't act, I can't sing... It was better just to see my face before my debut...
I told you it was all crazy.
Rum Mahae..... The pretty one died, and I wasn't a fan in particular, but she sprayed every cheek, so her subjective opinion was clear, and I'm just sorry that I couldn't protect Rum Mahae....
I recommend acting, Gye-in. It seems like there are a lot of interesting topics. Deok-hwa, Gyeong-gyu, and Godo are a lot of fun. Please invite Gye-in.
If you go to a professional game where you are an amateur, the longer you go, the bigger the difference.
I just wish we could date again.
Even my mom, who knows a lot about singers these days, also likes Jaebum. When I asked her where she likes to see Jaebum, I saw her on Show Me the Money and she said, "Jinguk hahahaha. So I know Le and Jaebeom very well. The company knows it too haha."
It's like watching an overseas movie
Honestly, doesn’t Suzy sleep better?
Is it a setting? Is it a bad idea? Haha
Kids these days are taller, so they seem to be around 52-23 rather than 48.
I was just born in the wrong era. Bomin’s Korean era ends under the regime. He can return proudly. Fighting Kim Saeng-min!!!
It's all the fault of the president's politics.
Really, the Korean pot rate is fucking disgusting.
I made a mistake, but I also feel sorry for the person who fell to the bottom due to a momentary mistake.
I have the ability, but it would be nice if I married someone in their 20s.
I don’t even have a dual income, so why should I say this?
I don't want to look like that
If you learned something from watching the Running Man program, it is a program that is not desperate for members.
If you think about Hyori, don't hang out with a guy who looks like an ugly dumpling. Are you Hyori? Early spring? Nini Kim Dong said
If you combine it with the traffic accident damage, it's not like you're going to be criminally punished, so I'm wondering if they're criticizing the fact that they paid a larger Noel alloy and the synthesis company came to terms with it.
I escaped the shipwreck successfully. But Mindo has no presence in AOA, so I'm not sure if it will turn out well. Put your mind to studying and get a job.
We may break up in life. Are you going to sleep with your daughter? Park Ip-seon is also only seeing a new man?
A well-to-do kid is addicted to drugs, but sex is not common and he can't give it to him, so he looks for a bigger drama, and that's what happens.
Is it okay if Gikkiri is happy? wish me happiness
Just the Gangnam countertop fixture....!
They said they would let me know that they locked me up while watching a Jumma drama. Haha, they said they wouldn't watch Seo Hyun-jin's death? Damn I can't see it. Damn Joo will just keep his eyes glued to the TV.
Han Hye-jin was so annoying~ I shouldn’t have touched her in the first place.
I like Hamsowon
A red fan who was so fat and dissatisfied with nothing to do
Cheer up, Han Go-eun! btw What is Rae Han Nam-chung's post?? Ugh... Go live your whole life as a single father without being able to date... Someone like you is like marrying someone.
Are you just watching this for real??? Does it give you vicarious satisfaction??? LOL
I wish I could do a talk show with Seonhee Jeong and Cheol Kim~ hahaha I enjoyed watching it because it was honest and witty^^
When I grew up, I gained 43 kg. About the height. Take a picture of it and post it
Cute~~ ^^
What's wrong with siding with the right wing? Thanks to you, I got to see Seung-man, Park Chung-hee, Chun Doo-hwan, Roh Tae-woo, Kim Sam, Myung-bak... the trash devil.
I'm trying to get a dramatic number of views. I'm in a bad mood.
It's different, but the other one seems harsher^^ And it's better to skip Korea haha
Seeing the explosion, it's clear that it's a well-made drama.
Secretly inside the clothes~~
Minkyung Kim It looks like she's still stuffing her mouth with food.
Has the association been abolished? If we assume it's true, Dok2 lived in poverty and didn't know, but what the fuck? I'm doing this because you're rude haha.
Tuesday seems to have calmed down, , ,, Injeong-myeon up, , ,
Homosexuality advocacy broadcasts are inconvenient.
The driver of the car also told me not to pay attention to my family and what is the broadcast?
Go So-eun doesn't seem to have any charm compared to Imbelyu.. Kim Tae-hee and Jeon Ji-hyun can't do it. Ji-won also makes Suzy a half-human.. If you look at the picture, you and the girl on the left are prettier.
To be honest, I admit that it's going well, but it seems cowardly to be the king only when there is no tiger.
What's wrong with Suzy hahahaha. Who's suing who? Suzy didn't do anything wrong. Don't apologize and JYP should do it ㅡㅡ sue the person who posted the petition or did Suzy post it? Did you mention your business name?
My friend also had a haircut. Please post an article.
...After just catching up, I went to Balamgura Palace. Even though the story is dull, the emotions are 1000 meters deep and Bo-jun's boyfriend is a perfect KO winner. The thing is.....I have nothing to say. Anyone who has completed the race is irrefutable.
Who said this? scent. I know all the difficult things from before.
Is being ranked 8th in the whole school great? Is being ranked 1st and 7th so far away from the world? I'm a bunch of people who have a taste of money and a taste for men.
What about Yoon Eun-hye??? Fuck you
A lot of comments were made about the ugly face.
Chief Moon and Detective God Dong-su gave him a big clue and leftㅠYoo Si-jun is the devilㅠKilling all the innocent people.
It's like marriage, it's like dating, it's too bad
Entertainment News: No news of Burt Reynolds' death
Ji-ga John, goodbye, get rid of Seri.
Looking at the comments, I see that you are stuck in a box like this for the rest of your life, right? ^^ Ji? Ha.
What did Nam Joo-eun do?
Hyun Bin doesn't have Gyeong-Jin, but he gets criticized. If Hyun Bin did it normally, he would share it on KakaoTalk. It wasn't even a group chat. He did it on KakaoTalk. When I looked at the public KakaoTalk, only the actor name was mentioned, and Hyun Bin wasn't there either. What are you talking about with Gyeon-Bin?
Jumma standing on the street lol.
Except for Kim Ji-won, all the actors seem to have great acting...
Have fun. While receiving the script, we are a couple who is not very irritated with our acting skills, but we are quietly dating. Money is good, but from the viewer's perspective, it's all so bad that I don't want to see it.
I don't think it's Giga Rodaju..
Let’s take good care of ourselves
Even though there's a lot of criticism, there are still a lot of people watching. You don't have to watch it. What's the viewership rating?
By guest, I think I'll be seeing Cha Tae-hyun.
I know it's a daughter...
Like Hong Jin-kyung’s head? Is this a corset removal? I've never seen a pretty girl take off her corset.
Are you going to heal your leg pain?
Wow..I saw Marnie in my grandmother's drama and she passed away ㅜㅜㅜ Please refrain and pray for your well-being.
Even in the last match, it was awkward because the main character was Son Ji-chang, who couldn't play basketball. Park Hyung-jun did really well. At the time, he was a starting player in middle school club basketball.
debt to debt debt to debt debt to debt
Come on, Yonsei University... I don't think it's worse than New York University haha.
Jeong Mi-ae, nice chatting
Junhee, she's pretty and not awkward... As the mother of Jinsil Unni and her two fan daughters, Junhee is so pretty and amazing...
I said it wasn't fun because it's my taste, but people flock to me like dogs lol.
Can you have fun like this?
It's all really cool, I hope you're happy~
I thought Kangin only played soccer.
sugar wizard
Funny.. Seho took off the ribbon.. Are you a celebrity politician? Seho is political enough. Unlucky and disgusting
Yang Se-jong looks fat?
It's possible for someone else to do it, it's distributed in today's world
I saw a personal interview and it said there was corruption??? In fact, there are many people who dislike personal meetings with professors, so what is it?
Please don't step on me. I want to see Will Avengers, but I can't.
Wow, I've seen actor Cha in a musical, and he was so charismatic and cool. I hope you do well and return to the stage.
It's funny. Cha Seon-hee's overnight nursing scene made me cry. I hope the next week comes soon.
Ugh, I was all in tears. It was my daughter.. ㅠ
Don't turn military service into a full-time military service.
Even if it's a girl, there's no such thing as a run girl.
You don't look like you're going to be sexually harassed? LOL
If it's real hip hop hip hop, quit smoking once
One Table Conclusion: It’s better than it tastes!!!
Let's go eat beans and rice
We were close friends
I won't forget it. That he killed Hannam Sulli
Jeon Hyun-moo..... Who broke up long ago? I'm really curious (I'm really curious. I'm thinking about it, but is Han Hye-jin far away?) It's cool♡♡
Was that a drama? I thought it was crazy lol
Hye-kyo, stay strong!
Muganda~ I floated it.ㅉㅉ
I saw Sangnu at the KINTEX exhibition hall last month! Celebrities are definitely different! Even after three years, she was really pretty. She used to be a top teen star... Do you have a reputation for being a hater?
It's frustrating, but it looks like Yeon-kyung, a player in Ren's class, doesn't like it.
The categories are divided like this: Park Bo > > Seolhyun = Rin >>>> Tae Im > = Clara
Now that you’re out of the role of a villain, I hope you thrive as an actor.
I expected it to be different from your neck, but you were commenting on a girl who was leaving malicious comments lol. If you were a bride 9 years older than me, I would have sucked you like crazy lol.
The person who hung out with Cheol-gu
Thank you.. I will do my best.. I feel like I wrote this reluctantly because I was lazy~~~
It was good, but I didn't plan on getting it again, so I felt like washing it.
is liver~~da. My liver is shaking. Because of bullying, I went downhill. T~~d. Live~~~ everything. Gan~~~da~~zen. Stand alone~~ Sing loudly~~
As for the malicious comments... They say men and women are ♥️ with each other... Let's stop by Gamla Bae. Are you going to buy me a housekeeper? Are you going to buy it for me instead of home appliances? Take care.. What are you going to eat tomorrow? Ramen ㅜㅜ
Sohee's fashion sense... she used to be famous, but she really wears physical clothes neatly.
It's okay to change the photo and post the article... I feel sorry for you haha.
I live in the US. If you ask about BTS, I don't know anything. Don't hit me when you're drunk. Samsung knows everything.
I really hate it when it exceeds 50 kg.
Did you diet for 12 months??
Trust and filter out feminists.
G-Dragon, no matter who says shit, let’s fight! His ability is like a national treasure!
It's not a sin to return to Sunye, so if you don't like it, you can just move on. What's the level of hate comments? Fans say they like it, but people who aren't fans are criticizing it while making excuses for being a fan. LOL If you don't like it, don't leave a comment and get out of there.
The immersion and the tension are the best. It's a masterpiece worth watching only.. Chu Hyun-seong's acting was good and the Ta-gon scene was also great.. I look forward to Song Joong-ki's final ending even more.
I can't watch it because of Kim Ji-hoon.
Kim Hee-cheol * Min Kyung-hoon (Brother) = Water sportswear brand Mistral
Is this a true story of the solar plexus B-neck? Hahaha, 5 shots of Gato Soli.
Bang bang - I can't have it and I lose the jealousy
I know it's hard for you as an office worker who works hard to earn 200 won, but you shouldn't target Euro people just because they have a lot of money. You'll only end up ruining your life by cutting off the axe.
The photo room game for the member in question has started, so let's not eat the remaining 4 members on the bulletin board. Foot~
It was nice to meet Yewon. Please be active as before with a more mature mind. Fighting!!
I'm really enjoying it
ㅇㄴ Cbang's drug limit and sexual harassment limit are not in the limit, but they said they didn't feel sorry for them. They said they didn't dare to be a celebrity, so they used sarcasm in the headline of the article.
Pobangteo Mudo Branch also said
If you raise , please think deeply about whether it is truly going in the direction of Ra! The current regime...isn't it really you who unconditionally takes its side?
choux. cheer up. never. Don't gamble
I wish Kim Jeong-hoon didn't come. I don't have any feelings. He came to make money.
What bullshit?
There's no table to sit on, so even if it's a pregnant woman's seat, she's a government official and her legs are pounding.
Park Han-byul is so happy❤️
wolf coyote
Left, feminists are inciting and destroying people. It's more about emotion than logic.
A nuisance at Namla tourist attraction...
Is the two legs wrong? I'm a Buddhist wife, so it's unfortunate that there are only powerful people, and if I change the horn, I want to buy about 30 people and change it.
few . I got a full make-up. Is it a sin to have a full make-up? Jang Yeon is buried like this because she was wronged.
Kimonhal Gate is a mess... Once you see it, you won't be able to stop...
Actually, it was fun to watch and it was cool.
Compared to the interior of the house, the outside background doesn't seem like much. Typhoon water pushed in, and the house was flooded.
Body G. I have a maternal in-law left behind.
So, Choi Jong-beom deserves the death penalty? Drunk driving, threats, violence, home invasions, and revenge porn all apply, but if it’s the death penalty, they’re giving it to someone else.
Anyway, it was a good thing that Kim Hee, who didn't have a problem, stood up and resolved the situation amicably, so it was a good thing that he couldn't curse. This includes the victims as well.
Seeing that Hwasa and Park Bom have the highest comment share, I believe it to be a pro.
She appears to have been reincarnated as the daughter of the deceased Seho Salvation Sect leader Yoo Byung-eon's nephew-in-law.
I'll applaud you for losing 18 kilos. If you eat whatever you want and go to DVD, you'll lose 18 kilos.
I don't know why there are so many malicious comments on the article. I don't sympathize with the article at all. I'm a lump of inferiority complex who writes malicious comments out of envy. I'm very embarrassed by the same thing.. More management to write malicious comments.
I pooped and fell
Yeeun is really amazing... I respect you
Carol suffering continues!
Hahahahahaha, if you kick in front, Mansu-do will say that Han Seo-hee is mentally ill... I hope that dirty YG,,, gets delisted...
Martial arts is not sorry to the fans... It's so boring... I wish they would abolish it after all the support they received.
You've disappeared and Chan-sung won't see anything...
They raised me at TV Chosun.
It is absolutely impossible for Jin-woo and Seol, who did something wrong, to reunite. Jin-woo is paying for the sin of cheating on his mother. Tae-rang Moon is a man of character and truly loves Seol. I hope Tae-rang and Seol get married~^^
I feel sorry for the animals left behind after filming Three Meals a Day, so I will never watch Seok's PD again.
Is it a crime by association? The city fishermen, who have settled the debt and combined the damage, feel something is missing without La Madat again.
Even though she is married to a Chinese man and lives in a foreign country, Chinese Chuhyeon is not even able to congratulate her on finding a husband~~ Just cute, cute~~
It's really an affair, but what are you going to do with it?
But I can't possibly watch a drama with Park Bo-gum...
I took off my makeup, but I normally have a gentle face, but my eye makeup looks so innocent.
Minho’s entourage?? What is the article about? Is Minho a scumbag? Did Minho spill it? Give me some foot resin
I'm sorry
Are you saying you're having a hard time with Lulu because you got run over? The dog will laugh lol Are you a good girl who would go to the second round if you give her money? And you also own a sex business? Sex establishments are also called sex establishments? Nope.
Someone who will become a mother...
One person, Ongxx, Kangxxx, the fundamentals are not going anywhere....lol
He’s so cool.. he lives quietly.. he’s a bastard.
Jung Woo-sung is saying he's a UN refugee public relations ambassador right now. He's a scoundrel who picks clothes and picks fights lol. Jung Woo-sung is such a scoundrel that I can't even make eye contact with him.
Even now, you look prettier. I want to congratulate you on getting fat.
Raise your child well~ Hon Rannya
There are many cases where the press release is far away and the person interviewed is scummy.
What's so fucking funny is that there's no criticism or swearing, and there's nothing but a great post about gaining 18 kilos. I wonder if the comments are being pricked. Someone is saying this, so I'm getting criticized that I don't need to.
The writer mourned for sexual favors, and it was as if I had heard it somewhere and was like a baby.
Well, if you run around and play hard and train hard, you can learn 4 languages... It's a pity to think that your child will suffer from education fever in the future.
Looking at the comments, most of them are in their 30s and are upset. The girl with the most malicious comments was in her 30s?
Why should I be so grateful? Instead of writing about something else, please write about fine dust prevention.
Will Jeong Center’s disfavor continue to be more unpopular?
Just give me something and it will be confirmed.
He has a funny temperament, so he talks about it. He wants to keep his temper to himself, so he doesn't know about other people's relationships, but only he knows about it.
Anyone know who he is?? lol
It's an explosion-proof hanger, so it's two-way, but the article is written like that.
Shin Tae-yong, Deputy Prosecutor, “I just need to get Yoo Jong-mi back” haha ​​Was the result a good one? Ron, because it was bad, I played like a player, got some luck, came to my senses, charged forward, played a long game, and coached well. What if I did a good job?
Really...kids these days are sensitive to energy. I think it was a dog.. It was possible for Seon-ho to do it at the time.. I feel sorry for the people looking at him begging.
I will marry you after eating
I didn't even believe it in the first place~ Don't worry, cheer up! I want~ Producer Seok~Yumi Jeong~^^
Hwijae, have you finally gone? I didn't watch it because I didn't want to see Hwijae, so I'll watch it again~
Celebrities may make a lot of money and donate a lot, but they don't seem to have any beauty about donating, and it seems like they didn't make a donation. There are more celebrities who don't donate even if they earn a lot.
Always fresh. I never get sick of changing guests. Kim Wan-seon, a fan who doesn't want to hear anything, is a nuisance. I was hated for always eating the food prepared in Bangkok.
What if I give up salvation? Park Jin, are you guilty? Yang Eun faction, Chilseong faction, Runge, are you the kind of kid who has been brainwashed more intensely than the dog-and-pig religion that wears yellow ribbons?
Yang is indifferent
Even though there are some sick people who support U-Kwon, he doesn't treat his fans as a problem. Because he doesn't care about his fans,,,ㅋㅋㅋ Muggles who say anything won't say anything, but fans know everything lol and they know it and are like ㅠㅠ
Even if the wind blows, Ahn Jae-hyun stays flat
It's so funny that I'm dying hahahaha Hermit crab hahahahaha, your sense is really great
Congratulations~ Take care of yourself!!!❤️
I hope you get married a lot
If you died, would you have written a post saying that you would reach out to me in public? You could have asked for help from an acquaintance on personal social media. Did you get a gold program? Do you want to leave a malicious comment to a person who is completely paralyzed?
I'm not good at acting, so I'll do entertainment and get my life support taken off.
Also, Yuri and Joohyun's strength is so strong.. haha
The guy who spreads these false rumors seems like he's unemployed all his life and has rashes.
She has a middle-aged sexiness. Any age can feel powerful enough...
Park Hae-mi is also responsible for her husband's drunk driving once or twice. As if you were the one who left the marital relationship and started a business partnership, did you not make a single stone? Is it a reduced sentence for you to force yourself after drinking too late?
Will there be chimney smoke in your time? ㅉ How is your usual behavior?
However, if you look at people who really intend to kill and kill, they don't even have actions that hint at killing... Most people who fail to live despite their efforts don't die even if they show it off and try...
Mr. Yoo... I'm not really interested in people... It's a world these days, so people are interested in no bra... Just write crappy articles.
This week was a lot of fun!!
I only saw Rat, but Seungjae has become so big and innocent. Grow up well, Seungjae~~~
When you really do it, you have to do it. If you want to have her as your daughter-in-law, will Park Eun-hye say thank you? I like Park Eun-hye more than Tony An.
Park Han-byeol, what’s your crime? You probably didn’t know you were a human being.. If you had known, would you have married me?
Don't you hate it because you can't eat people lol You don't even care about being harmed by others lol It's such a pitiful life, so live your life like this, slandering others who are doing well~
There must be a reason for someone with a well-known face... I guess it's a long way off~~
Roomette is an appropriate mix of It's Dangerous Outside the Light! Even if Kim Jun-su appears, Park Myung-soo and Noh Hong-cheol-myeon are screwed...!!!
I'm going to get rid of the program RAM and replace the members. I'm tired of it, but I'm not curious. When I change the channel, the device reruns. Damn.. I don't even like changing the program and installing it.
Yoo Jae-seok only
National defense is a sacred nothing.
Although you are a fan. I felt lonely and felt sorry for being deceived by someone who I thought was a scammer. It's good to see that Rae is showing off his talents to the fullest and trying to get back on track. Have a really good person and a good family!
2018 Mama's True Victory Hwasa
I'm a high-pitched singer haha. A program that selects people who are good at high notes.
Think of the person who is always making malicious comments as your family.
Who takes care of the children of those who are idle?
The daughter is guilty too. Even if you were born as a devil, you become a monk...
I asked about the concept in the first place. Would you be immersed in a situation where there are only two people?
It seems like there are a lot of negative comments too. It's a shame ㅠㅠ
Whether someone is dating or getting married is none of my business, so don’t post it.
I heard that he was getting married after marrying 7, so he said he was going to live well.
Kim Jong-guk is sleeping well right now. If you keep playing now, will you marry someone 20 years younger than you, 45-7, or someone over 30? Business magazine. If Jong Kook-hyung marries a 20-year-old woman (even people in their 20s will wait in line), life will be successful and successful.
Gangnam♡U ​​suits you better, it's easy
It's amazing, if you're dating for 20 years, I don't think there's any such excitement... If you've been dating for a while, you've tried everything from farting in your face to burping.
Even unknown people write articles, Samgobeam
Girl rang.
It's not rude, it's sexual poisoning -> defamation, murder of character. You are a murderer.
Is Cho Kuk a better guy or Joo Jin a prettier guy????
Let's send it quietly. SNS. I think Lee may have cheated on her.
She has a pretty face, and if she fixes her body just a little, she will become a god in Korea... It's amazing that she debuted and held her own.
It looks like it's already been disassembled.. It's a mess... haha.
The Korean version of a fraudulent family. A story that became known all over the world... but I'm embarrassed.
Solve the problem
You're so pretty
? Can’t you say Mr. Moon Jae-in???? I'm scared and complaining about things
But I don't know to what extent, you didn't scold me for staying quiet, but you're only giving me a harsh rebuke?
They say it’s not as fun as the original haha.
I wish I could eat Min’s radish. Min’s radish is lovely.
Let’s go to the temptation reward store.
Do you see Kim Ji at 82 kg...? Run trash, I don’t see it haha
I want to go to a public study center privately.
After seeing the creepy short notice in writing, I'll hurry up and watch the episode as if I've seen it all.
Kang Hyun-seok did something wrong, but my friend didn't do anything right either.
Well done, pretty♡
Why is finding people in this day and age such a retrograde thing?
Hyejeong, come to your senses. I saw you making a fuss while going to a host bar. Are you making a fuss with your body and doing something to me?
When you turn 13, you will be surprised at the world these days.
If you turn, you can catch it.. Hurry and get out of the trap.
As you say, you will achieve success by giving birth to many children for the sake of your country. Congratulations~^^
Isn’t there a punishment for spreading???
Kim Tae-ri looks old-fashioned. She looks like a white Vietnamese girl
Actually, the top 5 are entertainment news??? It's obvious that the public's priority is to find information on mask confirmation routes,,, I hope I'm not fooled!!!
When I tried on Soohyang's makeup, especially on the bridge of my nose, I couldn't concentrate on the content and only looked at certain places. Watching it on a 65-inch TV, I felt uncomfortable and regretful the whole time. It was hard on my eyes to see the plastic surgery.
Since there are not many months left, the fate is... haha.
You're a feminist singer haha.
After getting married, get married!
Do you need money? I'm embarrassed, I'm sold out haha
Henry, a Chinese Canadian, couldn't make a lot of money in China and ended up living in Korea? Do you like the Chinese line?
Are you married? A live show to boost viewer ratings
There are many rich people
Violence after being drunk.. hahaha, that was also amazing hahaha
I wonder if they float it like this..
I sincerely hope that you are a girl worth living~~
Please make sure to do season 3 in 2 years~~ I wish the season 2 members and Do In-beom all the best~~
What about being young?
It's really not my degree, but I can't watch it because I feel like I'll get cancer lol. I think I'll get cancer instead of Baek Jong-won.
I've been a BTS fan for 10 years, and although I may not be as successful as BTS, I just want to become a BTS member, so I remember that.
I don't really understand. As if it's true, it's all Mompa's fault.
Are there any top lovers? Look at the sudden fall.
Remove chin correction
If there are too many, they will be discarded
Same as Kim Geon^^
Lovelyz is ruined
Park Bo-gum is an ordinary Christian god who attended a non-Sabi Jesus-centered church ^_^
Celebrities are human too, but they are just playthings.
Joshenjing Nam radish kadenda... haha
I can confidently go to Bogum.
Park Bo-gum is an ordinary Christian god. He only harasses his feet and Pastor Cho-seok always wants it too ^^
Did Jeon So-min learn to be an entertainer in order to attract others?
Yu Manka has a bad mood
It's okay because Chohee is pretty
I was watching the live broadcast, but I changed Seo's channel.
Looks cool. If I miss it, it will be upgraded one level. I'm so congratulated. I'm looking forward to it. Wappy Jr.
I can see ten pretense haha. When I look at her, I can see at a glance that she is forced to hang out with Ock Joo-hyeon, who I will never see after the program ends.
The rest are just making fun of me lol. How can you compare? You and I are from this world lol.
Episodes 1 and 2 were awkward, but episodes 3 and 4 became more and more interesting.
Jam jam pretty
Kim Dong-myeong is an unheard of person. It's over. There is no way to find it
In fact, Seol Hyun-deok lives off everything, so I can't stand a jealous kid. It's a lonely life.
The goblin has appeared like this, but you don’t think it’s the same? The goblin has appeared so much that your face before plastic surgery is showing up, but Yu can even sing well.
Only girls lol lol Raebazza bulletproof soles
As expected, Yeon-yen, who has acting personality and personal life, can't even see Byung-hun's toenails, the object of admiration. Watch and learn from Byung-hun's fortune.
Mom is so pretty...so pretty
We all belong to the same agency.. If the agency was the idiot you were, I think they would have tried to mediate it.. If that didn't work out, they probably tried to end things well... If you look at Ku Hye-sun's post, she wrote it as if she doesn't have an agency.
Haha, my brother once ate two people haha.
He said he was stabbed.. Are you looking for a knife? How can you use such fat? Human.
He looks like Yoon, but it’s my style
Clara, I hope to see you featured in Korean entertainment programs and dramas.
Yoo Seung-jun was definitely more intelligent than MC Mong.
Don't cry, idiot... It's really cool.
How come he has fewer fans than Jung Yonghwa? I was devastated when he put down his long-running Big Bang fight and released a solo album... After all, it was GD...
Goo Hye-sun!! I want Ahn Jae-hyun, who easily changed his mind. I hope he gets paid for his sins. He ruined the life of an actor.
I feel like I'm being pushed out by Jen Wowon.
Because the state is ugly, it is easy to immerse yourself in the work.
Are you doing a Parkland advertisement? Formal paper?
Left TV is killing people.
I see a lot of celebrity scandals coming up... I wonder if they are trying to silence the political world.... A lot of celebrity scandals are being posted to blind the political world.
The table prepared by Rae Jeon Hyun-moo won the grand prize last year.. What's fun about Mukyuri... Jeon Hyun-moo has no sense of entertainment...
Be&Sugar Daddy Controversy Explained
Heera, lose weight
I changed the channel because I thought the child’s education was not good.. ^^
I heard that your crime is to suck at Si Junsu, who is famous for his vicious comments.. If they broke up, let them go, don’t incite the public for no reason!
What is Ku Hye-sun doing so obscenely? Are you going to live with her husband, Saengjangsin? What do you gain by running away with a dead and dying Simpo? I lie down and spit
A celebrity who is not popular haha
It looks like Kim Seung-hyun's family can fill up... They're getting more and more frustrated... Kim Seong-soo and Hye-bin are increasing their portions...
A lump of pretense. Fanran is also the same
In reality, she is a very strict daughter.. A small restaurant with no special features. The daughter is holding her mother by the back and falling down.
Are you going to go and give birth?
Don’t believe and ignore the malicious comments. Is there any show more fun than Running Man? Isn’t it a fun entertainment show that takes care of all the negative comments? Haha.
I guess I'll be living a public life with the hemp bastard soon haha.
He's a pretty guy too, but even a person who drinks a lot of food at someone else's house is also good at guarding the other guy's body.
..You are leaving without even seeing your grandchildren..Rest in peace.
If you look at the article written by the disseminated feminist and delete the comments while manipulating the theory of misogyny, it is a fact that the article is put together.
Is Yang Dong-geun winning? Let's say the winner is the person who sings the chorus. I'm so tone-deaf that I'm always singing... It's pathetic. So are the judges.
Gajaeng Gasnaejung, Cheonseul is the prettiest, Cheonseul Pno is Gasnaesu.
Hwasa's first stage was a complete success~~~ No matter what, she did everything on the stage and got the most attention in real-time search^^
They are a beautiful couple. I hope you will always be happy and walk only flowery paths in the new year ^^ ♡♡♡
Can’t you sing??
If only I had written an article..... I don't even want to know.
What if I did it with Jeong Jun?
Raeon is good, but Yewon’s song selection is also perfect.
Celebrity Boju is not allowed to do college cc. People want to keep their personal silence, but they make trash by talking about their devices. If you refute it with facts, you're making trash by taking out the sex drip you had in your sleep. male student
I came to see Kim Hee-seon's photo, but there wasn't one.. ㅠㅠ
Venom buggerino hahahahahaha
I'm getting married to Korea. My husband's business obviously didn't work out.
Yongseok, you live off the gaze of others.
It's already hit 1 chart lol
Is it okay if we start an argument? /4 men/2 people Just by simple comparison, is it an assault?
College Song ‘Please take care of me.’ The song was famous and there were many people who sang it.
I love you so much.. It was a masterpiece.
Shin Hye-sung said it all... habitual gambling offender and drunk driving
How does it go well with comics?
He looks so handsome when he grows up..
There seem to be a lot of old maids in their 30s who are worried about their married couples while watching the program.
I'm really jealous of Cha Se-jji....
I don't want to be like P.P.L.
Okay, looking at Sanghwa's thighs makes my stomach tremble.
Kam Woo-sung’s acting is so amazing ㅠㅠ I cried as an elementary school student ㅠㅠ He’s the best*!!!!
General Ginkang’s lover, the triplets’ great-grandfather’s lover, haha.
It's all boring and I just look forward to the execution. Recruit someone who really needs a relationship.
I thought about getting married, even if I’m sad in the same house, same room, bye bye bye~~~~#
It's basic common sense to ask before eating a natural monument while catching it. Even if you're fishing, you check to see if it's a prohibited fish or a fish that shouldn't be caught. Why don't you keep the lunge while broadcasting? Send it to Nianjing Station.
Someday you will realize that it is better to be young, right?
.. From what I see, it looks like he was in love purely, but the south side demanded money and stole the money ㅠㅠ It seems like the one who abused love is worse!!!
Even though it was Haein, she gained popularity - Yejin is a piece of shit.
I believe in Dalsu. If this were to be an apology, it would sound like a psychopath. However, I cannot believe that the victim's story is true. It would be nice to meet each other and try to cheer each other up. Daedong High School, a psychological counselor.
This is the first time I have ever seen Jaehyun, the stand-in for the ending protagonist. Are you from the police department?
At that moment, I saw Hongjin and realized that Hongjin had a hidden daughter...
I'm all in with Hyeonju. I'm a good person. I'm happy with someone who makes me laugh. People who ask me if I'm smiling are hurt.
Is Song Joong-ki married?!?!?!?!?!
Honestly, did you two fight for control over Nam Tae-hoon?
Ku Hye-sun, please finish your studies and be active in some form. He's a very talented person, but he somehow ends up making trash ㅠㅠ I always want it~^^
You get sick because you smoke, always turn on the stove every day, and don't eat as much as you want. Stop smoking and take care of yourself.
What can I say about the sculpture going up?
Han Ji-min's mother remembers Yuge Cha Seobang, but she treats her like a chi hwan.. It's a secret even to her mother.
I just looked at my laptop..my heart is so big...ㅜㅜ
It seems that my personality is not very good. I was scared and arrogant after appearing as Totogahu, and I didn't like it..
Congratulations on your marriage~ be happy
I hate it
There is no one interested in marrying an ugly guy haha.
He seems to be out of his mind too
A B-level singer.. Because he’s a singer, he’s also a kid.
Spread it out little by little
Is this tax evasion?? I guess I just got punished. Honestly, I have no sympathy.
I can't take pictures
Who are you?? Anyway, good luck!
Haha haha ​​and hot hot. There are negative comments on every article...
Thank you BTS Jimin for broadcasting more than enough.
Do you tell the person going to the package about how to write an ed card and do a mission screening? Haha, the guide will take care of everything anyway haha. How fun is it to scare your mom when you go abroad for the first time?
I don't know who you are, but do you have pig-like nostrils?
Amazing Joseon-style broadcasting entertainment that brings back memories even though it doesn't have any hit songs. Just close down the agency or run it under the broadcasting station.
Korean middle-aged male actor stars, facial parts - Jjangjang actors // Jeong Jae, Jung Woo-sung, Jang Dong-gun, Won Bin
Golf entertainment is really cool. There seems to be a lot of fresh broadcast content these days, so there's a lot to watch. I didn't know much about golf compared to other sports, but I think I learned a lot through this opportunity! fun!
● Characteristics of an old man: He said that no matter what anyone said to him or her, he just endured it all. He was so weak that he became weak and had a social life.
I enjoyed it. ~
Hyungsik went there to attend a leftist party.
I tried changing the main character, but it doesn't change the fact that I'm escaping from the military.
Did Jo Hyun swear? miracle bitch
Chaeyeon is really sad, she lives well at home...
The only thing that doesn't hurt is getting married and then retiring, right? If you’re going to do it, do it, are you an old man? Are you saying that if you get married, you just have to live at home? Are you trying to make a fool of me?
Even if you play Animal Kingdom, it's 30%.
Junjae..
My brother's autograph was revealed before Mirae, and it was broadcast on Lover, and I've been there before, but aren't you the one who always revealed it for the first time?
What I feel even more after getting married is that I really like my friends~~
Ra is becoming more and more PC.
The ratio is so hahaha kimchi girls flock together and kick Gian
Honestly, isn't that wrong? I have to work harder, but who will solve it? Even if I give you realistic advice, is it inconvenient?
Is it possible to kick someone out? The person who mocks City Hall like eating dinner is going crazy.
I didn't say I was a golf player...
