
I'm playingㅡㅡㅋ I don't even take care of it, but I'm still sleeping well.
I was enjoying it uninvited, but... two years...
My friend went to Gangnam and fucked him.
I'm rooting for everyone
I think the next government will make a fuss... Is this a group of people?
Don't mess with the current cube shoes... I couldn't even raise a t-shirt in the zone.
I think it would be better to use the word voluptuous.
You're also committing the same crime by writing malicious comments. If you don't want to be seen, don't pay attention and just be indifferent. Are you saying you're just going to write malicious comments? No matter what he did, it doesn't change that the comment you wrote is a malicious comment. There are too many people who think malicious comments are scary.
You can't even eat rice or kimchi. You're starving and eating half a container of kimchi. You're swallowing a whole bottle of tap water. You're stuffing your mouth every time you take a break. Don't even think about it⁉️⁉️⁉️
Cha-ryeon is so pretty and pretty~
I recognize Zwon as a good Suzaku.
In reality, Ram was kicked and kicked by a spider. Haha. The King of Baji Singers is also full of Seok-Hoon's skills, but Ren's 6 wins means that he is an embarrassment to the lineup. Seok-hoon and Kyuhyun are also like this, with 5 wins and 6 wins haha.
He must have asked for a heart attack. It's clear that he made a good choice because he was going through hard times. Anyway, I pray that the deceased rest in peace.
How about a bed line?
Not interested haha ​​If it was a terrestrial broadcaster, I would have gotten more criticism, right?
10+8 Compared to the real Seunggi
The last 2,000 tickets for the fan meeting have not been sold, so get your tickets quickly!
Megal is mentally ill
Sean's song was really good.
I support you both, good luck!!!
Choi Ji-woo, even though she was pregnant, I was completely amazed. Even thinking about old dramas made me laugh.
The couple is so sweet, it's like my heart is being bombarded~ Changseok is great, his visuals are always the best.. The sincere confession at the stadium is also completely heart-pounding, and the guy is so sweet.. The couple is so adorable and pretty. I hope they have a good relationship until the end~^^
Is there a guy who is related to Seungri and the club or something like that in Korea? But the guy who was acting like a fool is going to be kicked out of the affiliated broadcast? Isn't there a lover figure? Should I recommend it?
Gian Kung Kwang was scolded for being a webtoon, but Kung Kwang Jumma is said to be good too. Please identify yourself. Mr. Zoom, there are a lot of comments from people in their 30s and 40s.
It is difficult to prevent dating and get married as young as possible. ㄱ ㄱ ㄱ 30 years old is not recommended.
When Sanga has achieved it, he is recognized as an awake musician.
I think it's simply a matter of gambling and taking care of the reality faced by Korean housewives.
Is there something wrong with me if I haven't gotten married by the age of 38?? Just skip the dry sentence...you don't have to deal with it...
family ppl
I can't believe they refused to give me money that could have saved me money..
I'm glad you're the most famous and good-looking girl.. haha
I tried the solution, but it took ten hops back. Originally, I didn't cook it, but it's hard to cook with sincerity if there are a lot of people curious about the broadcast, so I'm going to cook it as easily as instant food like I did the first time.
What is it?
I really enjoyed watching this cheerful cartoon... The viewership rating for the second episode is always higher. I'll watch the live broadcast~
Do you lose your life if you leave malicious comments???????????????
It's not that you're great, but you're stupid.
It's actually compared to an affiliation that screams family.
I love Henry so much❤️❤️ I wish I could see Rae Rae since we live alone ^^
It seems like it gets worse as I eat it.
Yoon Jin looks a lot like actor Kim Won (the leader of the gang opposing Sunny Seo).
It's so easy not to see Seulgi ㅜㅜ
I don't like Shin Soo-ji either, she's neither pretty nor likable, so I don't want to watch it because it's not a star TV show where people talk too much.
I was shocked to see my real face. These days, Korean faces only need basic makeup and plastic surgery.
It's been over 20 years, and I'm sure it's unfair, but if we just bury it, are there many people who died unjustly? The Hwaseong Incident, which happened 30 years ago, could have been inflicted on the victim's family at the time, but the damage that has passed over time can be damaging.
Can’t I just live a decent life? Instead of waiting for the child to fight over the settings, go out and enjoy the life of Raph, even if you force the settings. Soul Climbing, Garden, Bookstore, Time to evaluate others, take care of God ㅡㅡ
Shin Hye-sun takes responsibility
It's getting more and more unfair that there are only 26 military service periods.
I'm bored hahahahahahaha
I won't see you again someday, it's boring
I'm sure it's a cult...
Transformation of translation into adult translation is correct
Superman is good too
As expected, he is young and careful^^
These days, is it a world where if a store owner makes a mistake, the building owner gets scolded? It's not good to see him as someone who just bows to him and is trying to ruin the company by trying to tie something up.
Even though I'm scared, I admit it. It really reminds me of Jong. It's a pity.
If you deny the dating rumor, then you are part of One It. If you admit to the dating rumor, then you are listening. If you refute the dating rumor, then you are not aware of it.
What is Kyubin Ram?ㅡㅡ
A pathetic Fram who claims to have touched people's hearts while busking at a famous Korean singer's neighborhood.
The drama has crossed the line. I thought it would be delicious if I made jjamppong with everything I had in reality.
It gets more and more boring
You're a scholar and you can't even talk like that?? Just because you caught a guy, you're going to catch someone, leave hateful comments, run away, just enjoy it.
Is it difficult for pigs to get married?
..Are you an elementary school student? Are you crying while watching a movie? It's pathetic.
Jonghyun, you are not at fault. If you report it, you will be punished. Malicious commenters and Ron are also devils who create hell. Jonghyun, enjoy your youth to the fullest and never get stressed. May you be happier.
Two-jaw surgery and Tonya
The rain protected the sun
Buzzy said he was against it. If it's a dangerous day, be careful.
Put Yoo Min-sang in.
Hannyeo's writings, gossip, malicious comments, etc. are something that can't be ignored... Cheer up, Moon Hee-jun.
The sound of my heart was playing tricks on me and I ended up having a miscarriage.
Ramgen, do you have the right to hate me or harm you? Are you forcing me to say that if I give up my right to hate LGBT people, I can just live with the idea that I am a citizen?
What is Yoon looking so pitiful for?~
god I hate Park Joon-hyung.
Did you fix Eun-hee's husband and change her name? With Jik-do's husband? Are you getting ready to come back to broadcasting?
Yeomjeongga Taeran feels like he's dying. ㅠㅠ Even if Taeran dies, he will still die~~~ Because jealousy is incarnate
Upo Kim arrested~~
MOOO's city broadcast looks good on the outside, but on the inside it's full of all kinds of speculations and emotional claims, and it's just a bunch of nonsense.
What are you doing with your chest?
As if there was a twist, Kim Hye-eun died.
If it's not good, it can be bad. If it's not right, everything will change and split up, right? Can you notice me? If it's you who is abusive, then what are you asking? And I came here jokingly?
I can assure you that if you are beaten and assaulted like before, your birds will jump out and fly.
As expected.. Yuin, Kim Mi-hwa, Chang-dong, Yoo Si-min, nephew.. they are all connected.
It takes 6 recovery points for Boyoung’s scar?
Bae Ki-seong's wife looks like Su-kyung
I will caress the device made by three people.
There is no need for that fact haha ​​Park Geun-hye was also impeached without receiving any money haha
If you are a public official, behold trash
Like this, the disappearance of the castle of Judo, the real sword is easy to find?
It's cool~! I always cheer and support you^^
But isn’t it possible for a member to come to your house? ㅜ Kang Seong-hoon is good, but it’s too much.
I think it's good enough haha.
Actor Kim Jeong-hyun’s parting!!! One of the actors is really good at acting. Actor Seung-hoon, who appeared in the movie Method, is both really good at acting. I support both of them!!!
Really good
Seongwook was also surprised to learn that Ram was a formidable personㅡ_ㅡ
The viewership rating is less than 2% haha. I can't even go to North Korea because I can't even act. lol
Should I live like this?
Hannam, please only write hateful comments. I feel sorry for Neuabi Abby. Hannam said that instead of making her pregnant, she should be euthanized in her womb. I hate Korea for giving birth to her.
If it's perfect on the outside, it's perfect on the inside too. I'm sure you'll find it if you're a bad bitch. Saying that it's important because it's from your mother's side is an ignorant statement to avoid damage. You're so ugly haha. If you're ugly, your personality is also weird ㅇㄱㄹㅇ
She doesn't even look like the dead Choi Jin-sil, she's just Jin-sil's daughter~ I wonder if she wants to get attention as if she's a big star like her mother... She seems to be normal and lives quietly like your dad...
You can spend the weekend as a married couple alone.
Is wealth a sin or is it a sin?
You look uncomfortable...T.T
Joo Hae-ra, a member who is said to be coming together and rising, is always inspired by Haengani.
It's better to have a daughter and be scolded by your husband and in-laws haha.
It's awkward, but just say you're my lover.
Wow, Park Soo-jin's first child is full of stomachache and Han-chae is a blessing haha. Golly.
Sooner or later, he too will be accused of deep-rooted evils. I hate Moon Jae-in because I dealt with 6.25.
On TV, Dongwoo cried sadly while talking about stepping on his young daughter while his eyesight was weakening. It was really salty.
Do you think SM's persecution is over? Life always has a twist. If you are found innocent, all you have to do is work hard as an actor!
Tak Jae-hoon used to lie about his stocks hitting the jackpot.
I guess it's all boring. There are mistakes and lies. Can I just take one? Poor Dalsu...
It's bad that I haven't tried it
Hyun is happy
Kim Seong-su also has a daughter. Did he come because it was like a re-show?
Why did they change the main character, Byung-hun is crazy?
Absolutely a master of betrayal and backstabbing!!!!!! Jeolla-do skate bitch~~~
It looks like I'm going to Jindo, but I'm joining Jaemin Park's team... Are you coming to eat the rice you made? Would you like to join Injik Yoon?
The spider caught Jo Jung-seok and caught the spider’s web.
What about Park Myung-soo? Honestly, I can't find you
Episode 1: In prison, I saw that there was no anesthesia, no anesthesia, and only eating cold food and not hot coffee. I was told it was pain-free and numb.
It's disgusting to criticize people just by looking at the article claiming spinning.
If you keep smiling, your cheekbones will dent. Joker Donigo
I wish Hyejin Han didn’t come. Discomfort
It's so nice to see a harmonious family~ It was heart-warming the whole time~ I'm rooting for you! Mr. Yoonji~^^
I don't think I'm pretty at all... You're my star at all
You didn't know! It was too much!
There are a lot of disgusting kids in the comments. If it were in front of my house, I would have foamed at my mouth and passed out. LOL. Don't make any noise between your floors. Is this an insult to you for running around in my house? LOL?? Cursing the residents of Pobangteo is a disgusting comment and is at the level of a dog and a pig.
Congratulations to Kim Hye-jun!
It seems to have gotten worse due to the sad play.
Even if Seo In-guk only went to the military ㅠ
A person who can't win an acting award but is aiming for a solidarity award
As expected, he is a gangster.
Please be quiet.. Don’t let people hurt you.. Don’t let anyone harm you for no reason.. I’ll try again.
It would be fun to ask Zhang Yuan on camera. Chinese bath face Jang Yuan can also be seen in the Mysteries of the Human Body haha.
I was disappointed with his acting after seeing the devil.
Tie up your hair. It’s going to be hot.
Personally, I hope he connects with Heesung.
As long as you are happy and good, there is no harm in cursing. How about the difference between your body and your body?
Even if I eat it all, I wonder if it’s worth it
The thing that really doesn't work out is that the vocalist isn't even up to the same level as the karaoke bar, but he's showing off his visuals and mechanical sound, so I'm wondering if he's going to pretend to be a singer somewhere else at a music award show.
T's Zwon will be expelled as a bastard.
Don't step..
It seems like he's improved since before acting, but it's a bit awkward, and it's like the drama is mixed with a piece of work. Really, I'm just going to make it now.
Namjoo is Yoon Park,,,,,Namjoo is Yoon Park!!!!!!
Doesn't your daughter look just like you two? If the couple is so prominent, they'll lose their cool. I'm sure they'll lose their temper once they become adults, right?
Make your relationship last longer. After getting married, he was always called around by his family and the dragon team competition was monopolistic. I was trying to be a lover, but ended up becoming a housewife. Maybe I couldn't stand the situation.
Looks light. Just looking at it. Brushing your teeth.
Ft Land Hongki one man show haha ​​Merge member Muthul
I hate Lim Ji-yeon
Bang bang ?
I guess it's a double-biting stage. If you are over 40, even if you have a year, they will upload it once. Even though she has a bare face, she is pretty.
Throw a comment
You took a lot of pictures during the Gucci photo shoot~ It’s awesome^^!!
I'm attracted to my 59 Jimin, I want to hear a song, Kim Hye-rim DDR....
Grandfather...
Even if you live for 100 years, you can't even get BTS' YouTube views for half a year lol.
If only Dalsu was Run... I think it would have been fun.
It doesn't look like much
I guess I'm out of my mind..... LOL
Yang Se-hyung has good sense, but his personality is different. I didn't like it from the moment I heard the MBC acceptance speech.
.....It's funny at times, but it's too drawn out. The actor's acting is really good, so I'm watching it, but somehow I'm losing interest more and more. There's no progress in the story, and I just said it was okay, but it's really good haha.
Posting on social media is not a problem, but touching a girl is a problem? Haha.
Woo-chan, former pro-Ninya, Hyun-moo
After watching the broadcast, they say that Deokseon is Deokseon. They praise it and make a fuss. It is neutral.
I know it's really nice and proud to be a successful daughter, but... umm...
What are you looking at?...??? Han Ji-hye and Sang-woo's appearance fee deposit receipt, with the same acting in each work... haha
Dentistry lol
Tears are proof
I hope the Chinese don't step on me. Is it true that people are saying, "You're being so harsh now for no reason?"
Cool Ram. Is it wrong to break up with a loser and listen to him while dating? He is good-looking, has a good personality, and is a well-managed musician. It was great to see him on TV.
I’m so sad that I can’t eat Gian84 haha.
Kim Min-hee is a good actress.. I want to support her.
Jung Hae-in is so noble that Byeolnyeoni is much better.
Did you know that game console copyright is illegal?
I say I can relax
There's no harm in posting something personal like this in a public place, so you're asking one person to solve it?
As expected, the wedding video is Fish Tree
I'm so glad I look like my mom~!!
It's nice to just raise your shoulders and make stupid facial expressions and actions.
Boma's life must have been ostracized by Kimuchinyeon, who is a gutter.
It's all Yangjiang... Singer Yangya. From the beginning, sign a contract with the drug dealer. I'm telling you to embarrass the sashimi.
Who is planning this useless program? Instead of targeting lovers, try drawing a lottery for civilians... It would be number 1 in terms of fire resistance.. Take a stranger with you.
Do you have power when you say that? Unt Pink has more power..
There are a lot of abandoned roads... poor roads...
I want to see Kim So-yeon, an actress I completely dislike, but I keep thinking about it so I change the channel.
I guess I just ate a lot, but my temperament is so good, right? It's a sexist remark.
But Kwak Sun-young is pale, but her acting voice in erotic dramas is like a fortune teller. I like beauty. Even if she cheated on me, there is nothing I can do about it. I don't want to give it to her, and I want to forgive her. Kwak Sun-young is luxuriously pretty. It's good.
I really waited ㅠㅠㅠ tears ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I’m with you!!!
Hmm... the puzzle is roughly put together... On Yuri is Jae Woong's extramarital affair... Song Mi is Sang Yoon's adulterous woman... If so, the final twist is Cheongga's adulterous woman!?..
Kang Eun-bi's fans are so scared that even if they have proof, they say it's Gyeong's fault ㄷㄷㄷ
If I were to get married, I would go and have a child. These days, I'm thinking about getting married. Are you just thinking about getting rid of someone’s back?!
Anyway, you're just chewing on people who haven't seen it haha. I liked it when I saw it.
I don't know if it's just a concept or if I can't do it...
If you don't have the right, don't say that.
If you hit Hahaha, I think it's okay to express it in a different way on broadcast. If I were to write a message about my concerns about hidden camera crimes, there were plenty of ways to express them differently. Don't think in terms of feet
Because the acting is so good, Sejeong only walks on the flower path.
I hope you get the punishment you deserve and that we can see you again someday, either in association or on personal broadcasts. Cheer up, Junyoung.
Ki: I don’t like national liquor.
Believe it... Kim Hye-sook... wow ㄱㄱㅣㄱㄱㅣ island ㄴㅏㄹㅏ I wish ㅇㅏㅇㅖ disappeared from the face of the earth... reverse ㄱㅕun ㅇㅏㅂㅔ... always playing soccer ㄱㅐ mango adult luggage ㅅㅅㅏ stone head ㅇㅏ ㅈ ㅐSeopㅇㅓ
I'm a person who works hard, but it doesn't hurt me to get cancer.
I'm an envious bitch. Even if I post shit on Instagram, it doesn't work, so if I see a pretty girl, I'll call her a dominatrix lol. Are you really a bitch? You're a pig.
I don't look like Jin, but I only hear comments like I'm a bastard and I'm a perpetrator and all, so I don't wear pants. During my school days, I was disparaged by the bread shuttle, the same-sex Kwanghee, and you.
OOO Im. It's a third-rate back room that can't even get one minute of news, so it's a waste of money to get kicked out to establish a pro-Moon leftist broadcasting station. It's the same level as being a fool and being deceived. Bae Hyun-jin, who kept his convictions and fulfilled his mission, is once again proud.
I’m jealous of this cute but ugly kid
Eugene Byul
I always thought she was pretty, but I always see she's even prettier.. It's a pity.. It's only Sulli who listens to her boyfriend who has a lot of tea, and doesn't wear a bra...
If you debuted as a team, even if you did individual activities, it would be right for the team to be canceled... But all the comments are like who are you talking about? Is it a mentality that only souls are satisfied, or if the team is maintained, popularity will also suffer.
Ji-eun's acting is bad, but her face is so pretty. It's the same as Shin Bong-seon's sentence.
ㅜㅜ I believe in Seungri, he will win...
Hong Jin-young, I heard you were removing something like an after-sales service. Are you the one working behind the scenes?? Gosdopp who squeezes and plays..
There are many people who say that Hanchae is good.
It's wet before..Dating is really hard, but you're amazing..You're not slim, but it's standard..If you maintain it well, I give it a thumbs up.
They say it's okay, but are they making a fuss? Haha, Jijatdo is also a bountiful harvest.
If I hadn't been able to make it, would I have come to Jongguk's house twice in 2 years? It's the same, my personality is broken.
Shide really seems like a warm-hearted and big person.
You'll be fine. It's a chat~
As expected, you’re angry about the 3040 denomination, right? Hahahahahahaha
Goosebumps, 1st and 2nd most popular comments in order of sympathy. I'm worried about the injured person, so I'll start by biting them. I hope Wendy gets well and doesn't have any major aftereffects.
Ten years later, I’m still the same guy!!
The body is slim, but the face looks like it's about to explode...?
Yoo Jae-seok doesn’t donate~~~~?
I’m just going to give it a go without any legal responsibility!!
They say there is evidence of fabricated broadcasting. Anyway, East Joseon ㅡㅡ
Did you commit such a big sin? They say the intrusion into their lives is too severe!
It is very sad to see the murder of Director Yangwon. Even though the media criticized him so much, he sent Kkkotbaem to Kkkotbaem to claim his innocence, and Byung-hun was living a good life, but he was also interrogated by Kkotbaem!
You seem like a terrible human being. Park Yuchun is a victim. Infidelity also causes more damage. I hope you find salvation.
Hong Sang-soo ♥ Kim Min-hee, you are a sweet and sweet girl. I support you both.
Go for it haha ​​cheap girl
I’m rooting for Chang Jeong-hyung haha
Whatever you do in this garbage prison…there is no need to complain, it is at the level of a sample of the Republic of Korea flag….
I hate it so much, but if it's a crime to pay for it, then go ahead and get 80% of the money. Where is the person who hasn't paid money to try it? Of course, if you die, they'll give it to you.
Going to the military makes me cry
It's no fun from the beginning.
Standing Tool Yong is broadcasting ~~ There are many naive people
I felt like a family while watching it..ㅠ Miss Philip, I felt like family.
If it had been overwhelming, Rungi would have come too. Hyorin is so cute. The solidarity award also didn't know that Hyorin's Run Star stage was so they must have called it.
It's okay, but just vaporize it.
singer?!
What about being pregnant? Doing dirty things
I thought Cha-ryeon was really pretty, but when I saw Miwoo-sae, it seemed like I was somehow less pretty than Eun-seup, who I saw in a drama with the head star Moon In-ji.
... I think the song is good... I don't like Ramin...
It's all set up. Nowadays, most young daughters-in-law and mothers-in-law don't go to their parents' house during the holidays because they don't want to see their mother's suffering.
These days, it was bittersweet that a famous athlete had no intention of training younger students after retiring and only wanted to advance into the field, but it was a desirable move.
From Zen food to Nipal broadcasting lol.
It's just over a month or so.
They all have big noses... they're all pretty, but their noses aren't that great.
If you look at pictorial advertisements these days, you can see that one eye is covered. Lumiti, Coca-Cola, Kimyeon bus stop advertisement, and Lancome advertisement.
It's like elementary school, building muscles
He asked me to take him out of the social media, asking what to do about getting rid of Korni, and then asked me if I was going to marry my husband. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha When you are married to a married man, do you absolutely filter out people with money? It's really disgusting to see it written about foreign countries.
You are so pretty...
Do you really want to see the surgery scene like this? I think the surgery scene was very unnecessarily graphic.
It's not fun at all
Retirement angle haha ​​✔️✔️
Look at Gyeongwon. Is this true?
Give what you earned, Yoonjeong
The intern is really good~~
I heard that I'm Kian 84. Haha, it's strange, but it's probably not that senseless. Hahaha I think it's a setup.
Yoo Yeon-seok too haha. Coffee Friends ended well and appropriately.
Ahn Jae-hyun hasn't done anything good either. Jung Joon-young's friend is worse than Jung Jun-young's.
The guy on the left is Kim Gura.... Hahaha. If you're all fooled, haha, I'll let you know~
Han's logic as to whether she went to someone else's house = Nam always has the intention to rape him haha ​​I saw it on a good level.
Is it because there are so many pigs in Korea these days? Run Pig Dog Woman Seo Joo You're running amok. Are you really looking at my license fee and this disgusting creature?,,,
Is it better to get drunk and watch a broadcast? Tsk tsk
I'm happy to go because my mom is happy.
There aren't many of them, but I learned how to piggyback on them dirty... Did I learn it from Yang Hyun-suk?
Is it your fault? It's a battle zone between affiliated organizations where money is being reported. Whether there's gunfire inside or not... there's one less thing to see.
When I look at it, the beauty is a bit dark.
TIPS and I are also on Ahn Jae-hyun's side, so there's no way we can count on him. Like this ram b.s. I thought I would stay still while making it. You wrote a good novel haha. You did a good job promoting your new work. Are you really scared?
I'll change my profile. That's great.
Jeongyeon, the current situation is noisy. Aren’t you ashamed of the title Unseo? Phil White Country Foreign Affairs Tatle's relationship is a bit awkward, but the timing is also exquisite~~
It's been less than 2 years ㅇㅈㅎ You must be angry because you got hit by a shepherd... I was able to feel it through social media. Have a new life.
Well, it's nothing bad, but it's a donation to the area where there was a forest fire in Wang-myeon.
Haha, after episode 1 aired, there was a lot of talk about Mr. Sunshine's first episode and there was a lot of talk about it not being interesting and the sun not going down haha. I watched at least 4 episodes.
Would it be heartbreaking to see the damage? It’s hard to raise it..
If you insist, insist
Lose weight in middle-aged body pockets
I support you, I miss you.
Can you just praise me? There are a lot of people in the world who have the same personality as trash.. If they argue incorrectly, they get angry and angry. I've seen a lot of people, but usually the remaining 20% ​​are cute, but I only care about the 20%.
The run concept pictorial also looks good on you^^
Byung-heon, Yoo Yeon-seok, Kim Min-jeong, and Byun Yo-han are good at acting, but Kim Tae-ri... doesn't seem to fit the setting of the play.
I wish it was the Yugang line
Let's not be crazy. I'm a rookie.
Haha, Bedette, who started dating for the first time, was all in a group chat room, so the guy who wrote this must be scared haha. I hope they don't show mercy.
My work is popular, but I am the only one who gets attention and not a separate person... No matter what I did, including changing my name and getting married, my career never worked out the way I wanted, so I am happier because I remarried late.
Moon Jae-in, a new evil masquerading as a new beginning
Kim Min-gyu, Song Hyeong-jun, and Run Ae-eun are really poor compared to their skills.
Se-eun is so unlikable ㅠㅠ I think everyone will agree.
KakaoTalk Bom hahaha I heard you talk informally on KakaoTalk on the day of the party too?
My mother is Hwang Shin-hye. Can she wear Gucci clothes? Pretty~
Go Hyun-jung, Bae Ji-ji called me and I acted like this. It's easy money, so I'm doing something rude with Eundo's face. Why do I forget my face sometimes? Just give up appearing in dramas and go live in Dongnam. My face is ugly and I'm telling you to keep getting off the air.
All you have to do is go to Seongju Kim... welcome Park Rae
This is the end of the happening. Eun-hyung can drop the debt. It would be nice if it were Gura. Sang-min-hyung, let's chat ㅠ
I thought it was ridiculous that Newest leader JK was eliminated.
The sweet couple is so cute
Kim Byeong-cheol is a married man, but is he encouraging adultery??
Don't use level B.C.
Henry's version is no fun, Hwang Jae-gyun's version is fun
At first, Chae Soo-bin was good, but the more it got worse, the more she whined and it was weird.
Are you all single? I know that Yoon Se is single, but Mr. Pakuk is single, and I was confused by the Sunshine interpreter...
It's really powerful...the more I watch, the more powerful it gets...I never get tired of it.
Haha, I'm going to report it, I'm going to take legal action, haha.
Chuhyeon also made a fuss about not showing his face, but Ram can't be trusted if he doesn't see his face..lol If he gets on board, he'll swear..I'm already saying that he got plastic surgery and made 2 Fan Bingbing..lol.
Run, childish story, Kim Chi-ryun, Han Nyeo-moon, who sucks because it’s fun. Korean dramas have no development.
Go for a male actor.. why can’t they cast a male actor?
What are you trying to hide?
Comment You are the main national producer hahahaha you are funnier than him haha
I've been trying to take a look for a while, but it's hard to see, so I change the channel and see Rae Poong-sang's new tree~
Haha, what's the crime? I'm telling you to take responsibility for something that has gone wrong.
It's funny that a drama called 'Rangjiral', a childish pun like a goblin, became a hit. It contained a low level of bimbo.
If you hit it hard, it will fall haha.
Honestly, I was hurt that Jeong Se-woon fell.
The kid who reads the text messed up this year’s college entrance exam
Hyunwoo is like that and if you say it, it will be a big deal.
If you're close, you can take a picture and upload it.
Everyone pushes Choi Soo-jong to live for one year and then tell me.
Giga spoiler hahaha
Yoyo, I binge eat while making excuses that I’m not getting the role 100% lol.
I wish I didn't have my hair like that. It's a cliche, but I don't want to look like that.
Hahaha Comments These days it's a family register so there's a lot of trouble haha
Even Dolphin is a human streaming main base haha.
Do it in moderation.
I will never hang out with someone who swears by Lim Hyun-joo @.@
Be careful because it may result in a miscarriage. A miscarriage is not possible.
Jobo's hands are really fast. Looks like you'll have a good night too~~
Big Bang, Monsta
Oh, you look like you're having so much fun! I enjoyed it haha. I hope I can continue to see it on the news~~
Eunhaha the dog is hush haha
We will meet
He's handsomeㅡWoolwiㅡㅡㅡIs Son Jin stupid for dating because he doesn't have a scan? Is he not interested in you? JinㅡㅡI can't get married with himㅜㅜ
Park Han-byul's acting is hard to resist
Yang Jun-hyuk chatting
I also felt like Sammawe looked like Kwon Sang-woo haha. He had a handsome vibe. Haha.
It's really annoying, but love is growing ㅠ Kim Sang-joong If you don't want to hear Hannam, be honest.
What is this sympathy theory? Hahaha. He is a man who deceived the entire nation, but even if he dies, it is still worth it.
You really le? Are you pretending to be like me? Look at the relationship you've been on... You don't look like you're going to curse...
My husband is so pitiful...
This guy doesn't look good... something's about to explode...
Look at this guy, hahaha, I saw all of them together, it's a school violence thing!! Are you jealous of such a handsome male lover?
Is it a bit of a surprise? Han Go-eun has such a brilliant career in relationships.
Mom found out that it was Cha Joo-hyuk and called him Cha Seobang, right?
I heard Gong Hyo-jin has good acting skills. Should she continue to star?
Hmm... I've watched it well so far, but I'm going to watch it because it's a story about going to hell with one's soul. It's a drama, but... I can take revenge after marriage. ㅜㅜ .... ㅜㅜ
His blood-eyed brother is you, your best friend is you, and if you eat raw fish, the only co-worker is you, so would you be that sad? Think about it calmly.
It's hard for a half person to repay even a 230 million won house loan, but for a lover, even a few billion won is worth it. After all, you don't have to worry about your lover~~
If you haven't seen it, it'll be worth 50%, isn't it? Comments on the neck are divided as to whether it's praise or hate comments. I paid money for it from SM.
There is no exercise. good sucker
The public is making such a fuss about you that it's not funny? It would be nice to sue the uncommunicative Yoo Jae-seok and the manipulative beggar, Sam, for his backdoor dealings and put them in jail, but let him continue with more corruption. I'm collecting fees, don't interfere!
40 years old, it doesn't matter.
When you get tired of it, you just throw it away. As expected, Mr. Manseok, a wonderful and wise man.
What kind of mess is this? You have a face that you put on cleverly so that you can put on makeup. Haha.
To be honest, I don't have any old habits. Management
During your Leeds days, you had a short haircut and lost a lot of energy by playing all kinds of broken roles, but now that you're in your 30s, you've grown your hair out and decorated it in a sacred manner. It's just an old piece of trash.
Song Lav is the best, million views on YouTube ㄷㄷ
May the deceased rest in peace.
Is Ku Hye-sun too introverted? I heard that Ahn Jae-hyun from Yongin said he drank alcohol at Jumin High School, but it doesn't seem like his personality really suits him.
In addition to the lover's ear-licking reel, Unser's booty is covered.... Awesome John... I'm jealous.
Don't include a love line. Is it okay for the male lead to be married and the main character? If it had been reversed, it would have been a swear word. Stop talking about this third-rate guy.
Condition management is also a skill.
Fighting isn't fun... It's been almost 10 years since we last did it. If I replaced it...
Of all the Produce 1 contestants, the successful ones are Cheongga God... Jeon So-yeon, Kim Se-jeong, Jung Chae-yeon, and Seo Jeong.
It wasn't my fault... Please come back.
Damn~~ What a rare mistake~~I came here after looking at the search terms~
This guy is making such a fuss because he's broadcasting from far away??? Even if I fix it, Seo Se-won
I've seen stones that respect Big Bang and BTS, but I haven't seen stones that respect Suju...
I heard that the couple had a failed pregnancy. don't worry. If you fly every day in the Bermuda Triangle, the magic stick on the magic lamp, rock, fall, rise, fall, rise, rise, rise, fall, rise, fall, rise, rise, rise, rise, fall, rise, fall, rise, fall, rise, rise, fall, because if you sweat, you will be gone.
But I heard Moonin is the best member of the APT team, a team that competes for 1st and 2nd place...even amateurs, there will be a lot of guys like Munsuin...it feels better to be the main player.
Nong Nong Vietnam~~
There's no harm in not having a mask. It's a bit boring. What kind of mask is a luxury product?
Chang Seok and Chae Eun look so good on each other. May you live forever. So visual. It suits you perfectly haha
As the saying goes, if you get married, you will be deaf for 3 years, mute for 3 years, and blind for 3 years. As you live, there may be good things someday, but these days, there are too many souls.
My husband did something wrong and will be judged by the law, but is that okay? If they were a serious couple, would they pay for their sins and stay by their side so that they can live like humans? Was it a loveless business relationship?
It looks like Banghaksuk.
As expected, it was great. I support you.
Choi Woo-sik, what is Blue Dragon? Is it normal for everyone to receive the Rookie of the Year and Popularity Awards????
It's a broken world, and you're only lenient towards Park Rae. It's like you're crazy... It's similar between you and Park Rae...
When my child grows up, I'm going to talk to him about it, so what's wrong with it being revealed earlier?
I looked for an actor for the role of Gil-ju. I'm really enjoying this drama these days^^ Actor Namgoong Min's acting is really great!
What are you kissing? Song So-hee wore a hanbok in a rice field and pretended to be polite, but then she picked pumpkin seeds. It's a shame that she is a Korean traditional musician.
Money is you, but the first thing is money, the world is money.
Well, it's something we do together. One Star-7, Nancy-Well, Sanghanae. That's a rough answer, right?
If you lived in Korea, you would have no choice but to become a naturalized person.
Han Go-eun couple is having fun ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
You probably all know... Will the money line for water and rice be cut off... Will this plan fail? I pretended to... just passed it on.
It's over, I'm going to give it a try...
But is it okay for only other people to wear masks? I don't wear makeup. Is this too much? I'm going to wear makeup from now on.
A woman who healed a lot
What does the Ministry of Finance have to do with Madat? Madat Gichin Doni Janseumㅋㅋ
Is premarital dduk Jill a trend these days? Damn disaster. Good work at the Feminist Bureau.
When the baby goes to elementary school, I would say don't suck at school...ㅠ
Mr. Yang is robbed, and Mr. Bang is robbed.~~!!!!!!!!!!
Even so, I can feel the sincerity
Don't eat food from others. You're a bedbug.
I must have done a lot of strength training, but I didn't have any muscles.. 3 months is enough to make my eyes look bigger.
The directing and acting are very poor and the main actor is terrible haha.
Kang Hyeong Woo-kyung seems very affectionate towards Ram, but when it comes to Ren Ram Kal, he is really cold-hearted.
What is the point of leaving a comment like, “I wish I could be better.”
In the first place, Yoo Jae-seok wanted to give a guest who was neither funny nor small-minded, and was a good human being. It's not easy to make a lot of money and keep going like this.
Goodbye to you, my wife... Shin Young-soo is begging me to be ugly.
What, you're a confirmed rapist? Are you saying this without thinking too much? Do you just believe what the waitress says? I'll catch you
Park Si-yeon’s younger brother? Just once. . .
Are you asking Madat what your father did? Cheer up Madat. All you have to do is make a lot of money and pay back the money you owed.
20 year relationship is so cool!! I hope you get married and have a happy family.
The baby is really bad...
But Seo Hyun-jin is especially enthusiastic
I hope you get well
Even if it's wrong to spice up your father's wife, do you have a conscience, Lord? Even if you're a father, it's too much. If you're a lover, you're a complete failure. You have a bad conscience.
I feel good
I also like Taeim
The truth will be revealed soon~
I really wonder if Park Rae and Jikdo Yongjin are any good.
Recommended by Tak Jae-hoon.. I think his speaking skills are really the best.
Two major groups are shaking: Weki Meki, Gugudan
Donate 10 million won and it will be really awesome
Even when she was young, she was calm and mature, and even though her family was noisy, she seemed to have grown up well. She is a lifelong friend to her mother. Is it okay?^^~
Korean TV show says everything
You look like a white pig, you've grown up, your life is slow, studying for the exam, get ready for school. If you were a college student, you'd be a daughter, but if you're with me, it's a disaster, a disaster.
Is this someone who is thinking about something...
What you touch doesn't change. A stone is a stone. To a good person, unknowns are life, but he's bottomed out, and the members are just looking at each other haha.
What kind of programmer does this guy look like?
A wound is a wound, but the method is disgusting. . . It's up to you to learn or do something haha. I thought you were Kim Ae-kyung's mother. . How to lose is a wound. . If you want to overcome it, just use the quality method.
I really thought you were a high school student... you're 23 years old ㄷㄷ Kim Hye-yoon I hope you only walk on the flower path this year
Baek Jong-won. Jen, how about checking out the food at your own restaurant?
There are 3 of you in Seventeen. You came here because you are new. Originally, there were 3 of you. Plus, once you go on a music show, there are about 30-40 staff members.
Jonghyun and Shani said it was a business relationship, but are the remaining members earning too much?
The candidate for the championship is Flarant Dikzydyk. Don't underestimate him. He's really good.
Seonbin is so sad...
Burning Sun is in trouble until the end. But did you know through the comments that Yoon Chong-kyung was cleared of charges??
You are going around with controversy.
Gong Hyo-jin High School and Kim Rae-won are at the Run Pro Won Awards Ceremony, which doesn't even have a 1% viewership rating.
Hyori unnie is a really good person
X1 Transformation Aeng-Ang hahaha
Please extend it ㅜㅜ It’s so fun ㅜㅜ
Goo Hye-sun's pathetic behavior, ㅉㅉㅉ to someone who left her heart.
Anal blood vessels?
Tax Tax Yuae Pumpkin Meeting Group
If you're 52, you're slim...
Did the couple blame you? Hwijae, I want to ask if you can stay together for a long period of time.. Are you so screwed over the money you lost?.. Because you are a lover and you make a lot of money? You guys can't even try to be lovers when you swear
I’m sick of Appal.. Abolish Angbal Pros.
I blame Park Jin-young for the original girl... If she hadn't gone to America, Girls' Generation's Lee would have eaten the original girl.
I'll organize it. Wanna One is hot, Chaim is unfair, and the affiliation intervenes? Ji-dam also seems to have some kind of resentment, and Wanna One's personality, Poroknam, is also unknown.
Finding someone I am so thankful for on TV...
Even Baek Sang-seo doesn't acknowledge the drama's femininity that was acknowledged? LOL
It's the best to leave behind a smooth body
It's time to get married... haha
Rae~?? There is such a fuss about what love for humanity is. I'm rooting for people in difficult situations, but what~ are you arguing?? Cheer up~ whether it's China or the world~?!?!
Love is beautiful. It's like a wet hug. May you always be healthy and happy
Because it's Gangnam, I'm acknowledging my duties. I won't forgive you for being like Seunggi and Jung Jun-young's friend.
blinking
Now the national debt is on the rise as long as Moon Jae-in persists.
If it were the opposite situation, I would have fucked the man. Fuck you. Is it because you married a woman? The man is so pitiful.
I'm going to get angry if you call me mom, either get married or not.
I guess you could try being a police officer as the producer of an alley restaurant??
Get rid of it, Ga Se-yeon. Page is the answer. There is no evidence other than you, no mention of Yoo Jae-seok.
Promotion family fun hahahaha keep giving!!!!!!
Is Seunggi not in Youngseok’s head?
I want to sign a contract with more favorable terms.
Kimchi bitch goes crazy!
Rain smoke is also good. If I hadn't gone to the military, I might have become more famous in Hollywood. Born in a difficult environment, you always work hard. I always respect you.
Such a pretty person, look at your lip makeup ㅠㅡㅠㅠㅠ^^ Stay healthy and happy!
Korea's top three thieves, 1st place, Jo Se-hyung, 2nd place, soy sauce crab, 3rd place, Rain
It's so sad... With the face made like that, there's nothing to see...
I thought it would be good to have Han Go-eun-gi, but I think it's a comment to criticize. I think it would be better if there were more eaters.
ㅇㄴㅇ One of the members seems like a close friend.. ㅇㅅㅇ or something like that?
I want to do it haha
Baek Jong-won... are you a friend??? There are a lot of good things to say... but it's a pity...
The younger the baby, the tastier it is. Once you're over 25, it starts to get mushy like an out-of-date Christmas cake.
He is a representative bubble actor who is more famous for his popularity than for his fame, as he has two hits, Raeba Mi and Bali, and his acting skills are at the same level.
Tae-ri Kim is bad at acting??
Even if you miss Seungjae, please appear on TV with Seungjae~~I miss Seungjae so muchㅠ I hope your family is happy♡
The naive and old-fashioned Kang-neul plays the role of Gong Hyo-jin. I'm watching her partner, a lucky actor.
I'm just pounding
It's been forgotten. It's a pot, so it's all forgotten.
Mr. Choi is not easy.
Kim Tae-hee.... How did you happen to marry into such a family? It's pitiful.
But Taecyeon is not fun. Seunggi and Taecyeon are so nice.. It's not fun.
Hyejin Han I was really bored so I changed the channel.
Practice your foot acting..
Is this the case in which Han claimed that he was sexually assaulted after joining One It? It is not too late to criticize something that covers the truth and truth through thorough verification.
If only I cursed. . . You are being punished yourself.
Godjeong is writing. If God is good at acting, there will be a lot of talented actors. The bar is crazy.
Look at the number of comments, the level of interest in male-female mating is really high.. It's vulgar and vulgar.
Just like Seo Jang-hoon, he seems to be a wise man. Stay strong.
Have you found your mother? Sleep better.
It's okay if we just resolve it legally. I'm really angry.
Does it matter? Kiyangban.
Let’s wait and see the results. I think it would be good to give Duram, who is planning a fresh start, time to breathe. Sometimes jealousy breaks out
Haha, the legendary King of Masked Singer is Sohyangji.
MBC these days, they're casting half-people lol. It's pathetic.
I think one side's fault is yours. Even if Ku Hye-sun did more wrong, I don't think Ahn Jae-hyun did anything right either. Even the temperature of the soul is both sides' fault..
This is how famous actors grow...ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
If you go through life, you might get hit. Nowadays, kids have never actually been hit before, so why make a big fuss?
But the current members of ZONE are harmonious and pretty... Are you really going to mess with me?
Ssangpan is vulgar, cheap, and ruined
Is it possible to get first place in Runbur? ㅜㅜ
It would be an honor for Son Hyun-joo to watch the sashimi~~^^
As expected, Geumsu from Hell Joseon is born!!!
Namgoong Min's acting is amazing. Is it really uncomfortable to watch part 3? Haha, it's nice to zoom in and drink water, but if it interferes with immersion, doesn't that make coexistence impossible?
I came to post a malicious comment, but when I think about it, Thailand OOO really made a big deal out of it again??
It's cute
The mountain will make a comeback too. I support you. Come back, come back.
It's really annoying to look at. For fun, spoil Korea like this.
Jumma in her 30s, leave this guy’s house lol.
As expected, Ram didn't change, and he assaulted an old man and even went so far as to swear at the driver in retaliation because the car in front of him stepped into the lane. It was so bad that he was indicted in absentia.
I'm always sore after 12 hours, and my whole body hurts. It's a boring life that repeats itself. Good night. I'm happy. I wish the Earth would perish.
The hanger chip at Hong Jeong-wook’s funeral will not go away.
When I see Yunse, I want to send her to Hong Kong.
It was really stiff... It was the best in my teens... It's still so stiff...^^
Do you think that you are in tune with the world? I'm begging you to cater to my tastes in entertainment, movies, and dramas. It's really disgusting and childlike.
I'm rooting for you. ~I'm worried that there will be news about Hye-sun from Ahn Jae-hyun's family these days.
You look like a blob ㄷㄷ
May the deceased rest in peace.
Yoo Ji-eun, who hates Lim Hyun-joo, has been unable to get close to others all her life and just passively waits, but Lim Hyun-joo feels antipathy when she sees her freely expressing what she likes.
I did it but I didn’t know?!
Someday it will remain as a possession, right? ㅇㅇ You won’t be able to become an old maid? Kim Tae-hee is also planning to get married. Kim Tae-hee is a non-property.
But what?
two dislikes
Honestly, is he sexy?? When it comes to T’s Me, Choi Seolhwa is the best, Seolhyun
That's great. MeToo from 36 years ago seems to have a set period.
Are you remarrying? Saeki uses lungi to make you humiliate him? Giga anti~
They're just cool. If they break up, they'll break up. It's nice to see a woman enjoying herself to the fullest. It's better than being pretentious. Good luck!!
The majority of the people are deceived and cheer for Madat, but they are reprimanding those who cut the future for no reason. Fighting Madat~!!
Is cool the answer? . Yu-ga-gae-jji
Unfavorable..... There is already too much noise as a new rookie playing a small role.
I can't trust my loverㆍThere's nothing to be jealous of Yeon-yenㆍI'm not saying I can't trust Yong-jin, but the world of lovers is like thatㆍBut I can trust Yoo Jae-seok haha.
Cheer up!! I’m rooting for you even if you go to Won Girl for 100,000,000 years. Malicious comments... Let’s have a drink and sleep.
If you move around carelessly, your life will be ruined. Be careful!
It's too late to do it
Who the heck is this guy who went to see something else? If you don't have anything else to do, get a hobby. You're a waste of your father's money, so come to your senses.
All you have to do is pay for your sins. And see you again on the air!
Dong-geon Cha-ryeon is in a pink love ㅡIt was already 10 years ago ㅡㅡhttp://antijms.net
I was living in a rooftop room in Mangwon-dong, making money and living with my wife next to me, so I started to feel greedy. Jungwan. You think you'll do well after hurting a team member like a stranger, right? You too will have difficulties. Money Band~~
Deputy Director, you are the one who is important and you are the one who gave me the leg up...?
Sooyoung's personality is really strong... she's tall and pretty, and she seems like the best friend.
Seonghyun's face has become much prettier... In fact, it feels slimmer and more balanced than the faces of those in their 20s and 30s.
You will meet a talented, handsome, tall, and rich man like Guk Joo-unni~ You are definitely not capable haha. Look in the mirror.....^^
Park Hae-mi, you know that it’s shameless to do future broadcasts and musicals, right? .The National Assembly will judge.
Are you just trying to make a living out of embarrassment?
I don’t like Sechs Kies and I’m greedy for broadcasting~~~
A dog that cries and makes a fuss is fine if you just give it food regardless of whether or not it changes owners, but why are you making a drama by crying and crying because you got emotional?
He's handsome, but his face is ugly
I want to crush Jangdori Dohwan’s collarbone♥
Geun-hye's niece. It's uncomfortable to look at... but I'm tired of restaurant shows.
Jang Woo is old and ugly, but he's screwed because he's the lead actor.
It doesn't matter as long as you're a vocalist, right?
How many people are there? Change it.
A saying to the point. I fixed it without a beoljang head. Are you the stuff of life?
I'm going to run it really well. Go up the crayfish and turn left and right.
I can't stand your government's political style. LOL.
I don't like producing new products either.. I don't like that kind of thing.. I feel like it has become a favorite.. I don't like to throw it away when it gets old and worn out and replace it with a new product.. I don't like it..
Don't lose weight
whatever? I don't even know who it is
If 47kg is my weight, I will disappear. Haha.
Feel free to get some medicine and try it. Your face is so puffy.
They will overthrow your work and glorify you.
I feel sad whenever I see Kim Young-hee.
Hwasun, Jeollanam-do
Jung Woo-sung was amazing, I was so happy.
Dasom...don't go with 'pa' to eat Sanbaeksuk, let's go with 'pa'~ I like Dasom~ hahaha and it's so fun♡♡♡
I uploaded my face during my newlywed life. I had a good face too... please give me good acting.
Finally, as if I had met Kim Jong-guk, all that remained was a confession like a stranger.
First time I've heard of it,,
This is my first time waiting for a weekend drama to watch it.. The easy thing is to just watch 2 episodes ㅜㅜㅜ If you have dinner plans, you can miss the first half ㅠㅠㅠ
Sol Pharmacy House is a drama I really enjoyed watching. I want to watch it again.
Since they missed the second season of Produce 2, they are resurrected and have the highest comment rate among those in their 30s ㅋㅋㅋ You can see it even if you don’t watch it, right?
The left-wing country never admits its mistakes, but the right-wingers know they are embarrassed, so they admit their mistakes. The leftists are disgusting.
From what I can see, it seems like he's just trying to get some money after getting married...
Clara is Lang❤❤❤❤
How do you feel about meeting someone during your dating days? Well, if it doesn't bother you even after getting married, it's a good idea. Even though I have a wife, we meet often. A life that repeats itself like a chat wheel is becoming a good play.
No major injuries and 3500 is shit. It feels like delivery, but even if you swear, it's usually all worth it... It's hard for Jung Gu-hyun to compromise with reality.
Don't raise your feet. I don't want to see posts that raise yours.
But did it just happen? Are you hiding something from Jae-Ang Moon?
Sang-yeop gave his whole life... but he got involved with a rich man. I hear the sound of loony kimchi
Great detective!!!!
I'm scared because it's a gambling camp.
Kang Ho-dong said he lost everything after giving up once due. Haha, it's like 1 Night 2, 2 episodes a week, early stage!!!
I knew about the real estate business. Are you trying to destroy Daesung's lifelong rune career? Think about it - check the actual relationship...
I don't feel anything wrong.
It's unfortunate, but if you cut out carbohydrates and lose weight, there's a good chance it will come back even if you just eat it. Let's try to lose weight again by slowly consuming nutrients in a balanced manner.
What is the reason for revealing the story of a sleepover between an unmarried adult man and woman? I don't know how many people are trying to ruin the run, but it's pathetic.
Since everyone got shamed for being mixed up, the remaining regular members are Park Rae, Han Hye-jin, and Hwa... ㅜㅜ
Wouldn't it be nice if I remember the number and go to the past and become first place... it would be nice...
Water bears are naturally expensive... What a stupid mistake I made by ordering 5 servings... I'm blaming the store???
Now that I see it, Gura is a Bodhisattva... If it was the same, I would have killed him.
Hyeonmu must marry Jihyeun.... - A senior in life who got married only revealed that she is pretty and good-looking.
If you're jealous, just say you're jealous. Are you being sarcastic that I can get everything for money? He even sucks his butt just to get 300 lol
He looks like Jang Dong-gun and his daughter looks like Ko So-young... It's nice to see them.
I hate criticizing others.
I'm saying it's a shameful thing ㅠㅠ
Are you holding on to victory? Are you not good at it?? What about Chong-kyung Yoon?
He was shaking like that, but he was living well.
But really John is sexy
I hope you have a lot of fun with your pretty face when you are young~^^
Song Hye-kyo is so pretty,,,, so pretty, so pretty, I was so impressed that I got tired of it in just an hour ㅠㅠㅠ I will watch it until the end hahaha.
Hard to distinguish from Tae-im
★Breaking News★!!!! Fuck it~~!!!! National singer Cho Yong-pil is also a communist~~ Ma!! What's Cho Yong-pil's hometown?? Jeolla-do Laka??
It's bitter. Mr. Kim Heung-guk, if he can't make money, his wife will be in trouble too. It's hard to get together after not living together for 10 years... but the wild goose family is literary.
Seo Taiji genius
Jaehyun, it's hard to get a wise and sharp wife like Ku Hye-sun again, so I hope you change your mind and live happily ever after.
This article is getting attention, so the trash becomes more trash, and the people become dogs and pigs. They are being arrested and judged, so what does it matter about the cartoons, health novels, and sleep that are provided there? It's such a pathetic trash that it's as if they've even made porridge.
I want to marry someone like Jihye.
Is there no way for the male lead? Park Seo-joon, Park Bo-gum, Seo Kang-joon
These days, I don't use birth control. When I was in my 20s, I never went without a condom... Nowadays, the quality of condoms is so good that there's no reason to use them, but it's a shame.
Ryom Daemyung!! Cheap haha
It's always weird to see Han Ji-hye as the lead, but she seems like a supporting actress... I've never seen Golden Garden before.
I hope you rest in peace...
Jhanvi is the main character who raised indie music several times higher ㅜㅜIt’s so big lol
I hope the semi-fixed Gaz Rae blind man gets home-cooked meals ㅜㅜ Cheer up, Kiseok!
The singer of the PyeongChang Olympics who is also of Korean nationality is EXO!!!
Everyone. Let’s refrain from leaving malicious comments. I really appreciate it.
I can only see the tally report, awesome!~
Don't worry about living comfortably while collecting building taxes.
I hate the window ㅠㅠ
Jeong Jo-guk Kim Seong-seong is tall and thin. It won't work on his hair, but he can exercise. Basketball, volleyball.
It's really funny to criticize people who haven't raised children, people who haven't gambled, and people who are sensitive to situations. LOL, is this where you're writing a comment? You know it's shameful to try something and criticize others.
I feel bad... but I'm getting married.
Seriously, I'm scared of the world..... If you suddenly walk towards me, I feel like I won't be able to breathe....
Maklaudat may not have known it because he was too young, but...please pay back by working hard! Even! If you have debt, you will be forced to give up your inheritance.
Thousands of flowers? I envy the dog
After commenting, people flock to comment.
Henry took a picture of Dokdo and said it was important. The direction of Dokdo was taken by Henry, so it has symbolic meaning, but only the direction is given.
You're fucking bitch, but you're telling me what's going on with you hahahahahahahaha
Really crazy
Val Mithu Man Sucks
Do you even know that he did drugs?
Stay true to your job, Del Hanseul.
So don't criticize me for being fat, being short, losing my hair, and not being able to put in even a single effort are really complaints.
But even though he is Ram, he even uses energy?
Always eat mom’s food!!! Eat after you leave!
Chinese Broadcasting is the Chinese version of Chinese Broadcasting.
Do you look at Facebook on your smartphone while pooping?
Dok2 may have made unfavorable comments and actions at first glance, but if you look at the reality, Show Me's quality plummeted after Dok2 The Quaranto was removed from the judging committee... There is not a single person in the hip-hop world who makes clean and clean music.
Because of Moon Jae-ang, only a young man was sacrificed~~~
Sang-do, a lewd woman who reveals everything.
Oh, I had fun watching it~ I hope you enjoy it as a gift for yourself sometimes^ ^
Korean specialty: When a thing disappears, it becomes a deification
I'm going to write a comment with a thud. Don't comment. Are you laughing? Are you laughing because you think your comment is illogical? And don't use words like "I'm dead". Don't let your imagination run wild.
Take responsibility for your boyfriend’s face....
Ugly but popular??
Cool is a blessing~ Cheer up~^^
Rang Dong-gap, you can live the same year you got married, but I hope you go to a good place...
They ruined Hannam’s life, drank drugs, and left hateful comments because he was in the gutter.
Hwijae, Noh Hwa-Ring, just one more year!!
Sanghwa got prettier
But what about victory?
Exoneration for drunk driving? Crazy broadcasting bastard. It may have been easy to watch, but it's not easy to watch. An unforgivable crime. I think I'm a drug addict. You are the one harming others. Directly. If you go to the end, it may be the same
Geez, I like cosplay. But it's too exposed and will make some people think of question marks. It was shorter than the stocking line, but it seemed like it was made with a lot of focus because it was worn by the game character rather than the person who created it.
The murderer, Me Too, bow your head.
What do cultural sexual harassers have in common? The person who was blacklisted...
It was 17 years ago and 27 years was really too much. I can't understand how it could be possible with only Rang.
It's definitely a flower grandpa badge rather than a flower grandpa~!
Byung-hun’s acting department seems to be okay~~
It's really pathetic Korean people have nothing to do... so let's elect a disaster president.
In addition to being a singer, Yu is also a candidate for the Baeksang Grand Prize in acting.
Honestly, he looks cool and has swagger.
I wonder if there is no mention of Cho.. It feels like they are passing all responsibility onto Woo Do-hwan.. Tsk tsk.
To be honest, if you meet me, you are ready. Please, when will the broadcast end and why are you insisting that I stop broadcasting? Even though I came here with Yeonyoung, will I live a life that is far from your eyes and acting?
Seriously, is it too much to cringe even after reading this?..What on earth did you feel uncomfortable about when you got angry?..What does it matter if you are a married man or a married woman because you are a fan???
Wonjun, Injun, Sejun, I thought you had bread, but I heard you were released from prison? He wore a mask. Wonjun, Injun, Sejun, his father. Haha.
But I'm really curious. Ahn Jae-hwan killed it, but Jeong Seon-hee is getting criticized, right? I'm really curious. Did you die because you died? I committed suicide because I was stressed out about debt, but I'm really curious as to why I got criticized by other people.
I thought you were single until now haha.
It's just one net. Take good care of your ears.
Salimnam, the whole family is having fun right now. I'm a fan of Cool Yuri, so it was great to see you.
Yak Taehwan??
Because Ji Chang-wook is here, you get plastic surgery?
Be careful, Mr. Bo. If you die, wouldn't it be better for Mr. Bo to tie you up out of the blue?? I believe it's you, but I don't have any evidence. It's best to be careful. Don't step on me.
Comment Jeolla-do Turi... It's really funny... Turi's tone can be read as Song Ga-in~~~
It's really nice. It's really nice.
Don't curse at Guk-ju... It's hard to be funny when you're broken... I think Park-rae is funnier, but as a person I'm more attracted to Guk-ju... Don't curse at Guk-ju too.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
La comment, look at the fight between the two. The drama is real, so I am marrying my wife.
Even if I act, I can't escape it
Neck what???
It would be nice to buy it. I received plenty of Hanrang~ Hannam Hannam
There's something about getting angry
She's pretty, and she's a good actress^^. I'll support her hard in her work as well.
Yoon Ji-sung, Daehwi, Seongwoon and Seram also received awards.
Old sin???
I guess the Judo Hotel was finished well, but the hotel staff had a hard time and there was a TV show...
Since there's something that stings, I guess I'll take a chance, right? LOL It tastes like a toilet.
Seonghyun was a god during his growth period~!!!
81% of the comments are just Namgu. Is it okay for men to clap and swear at each other, or is it mental illness?
Cheer up~~May the deceased rest in peace..
Are you here? Change the channel~
Tony An can’t be confused? I'm still living with 2 people, and the sun isn't going away.
He's always an ugly, dirty, old man like Kian Si-eon, but now that he's a clean and neat male idol, Hwang Min-hyun, look at the difference on the screen~~ It's so fun to watch him haha ​​As expected, Nam is handsome, young, talented, and attractive~~
Have a happy life...
Is it good? The sex crime rate is going up. Go to a high-quality male prison so that people can walk around the streets at night without having sex.
Race god...
I was the main character at drama school^^ I think I was the class president.
Sponsored?
Think of it as a victory for your family,,,,, Malicious commenter Han Nam-chung
I'm talking nonsense, but it seems like the money to raise him is the same as the new group Mangetno Gi.
The twitching feet are so funny
Gakjae is visiting Eunhyuk in hospital.
Why are you so shy when you call me inspiration? 60th birthday everyone??
Dericut will look good on you.
It's so true hahaha I laughed so much that I was in tears haha
I just followed the on-site instructions. Don’t know anything~
Monga Laedo Ram was good.
Looks like Liu Yifei
It's fun to wear it, but it's not much of a difference..
Live quietly, lover, Ritiviolani
In my opinion, it's too far-fetched and childish... I'm sorry... ㅠㅠ
I really enjoyed it @_@ Namgoong Min is a good actor, and Park Bo-gum is a similar type of actor, so I get immersed in the drama. Have more success!!
Is it okay for moms to leave out? Are the adult men and women involved? These days, you can't live with people who don't fit in for the rest of your life, right? Haha frustrating
Didn't you all become so prettier around the time you got married? Song Joong-ki includes actors in Seodal-seo. I watched Song Hye-kyo's recent CF and gave it a thumbs up. nyang god
Kim Gun feels similar to Seo Taiji
Giving birth at 47?
Looks like Kim Go-eun
Assaulting him was his last role as leader. A woman with deep sad fists who left after treating her colleague like that is no harm.
It went too far
We're all the same, but I'm embarrassed by them all
A transformed face. I will become a fan fan.
I hate Song Joong-kiㅠ
Looking at the baby, it's pretty.. it's pretty.. it's really pretty.. How could I not give birth without changing anything... I can't tell if I'm just admiring the content ㅜ I'll start focusing again from now on. But Ska Castle is always very focused ㅠ I'm not good at it ㅜㅜ
Handang stands out clearly in the drama, perhaps because of the habit... You bastard interpreter...
I'm sick of Yoo Jae-seok's character.
I'm not curious.
It's hard to focus while dating, but Hyun worked harder on stage and showed off his personality while dating, so I think I did a good job in dating.
If you see someone leaving a malicious comment, it's Jeongshin haha.
Malicious comments will be eliminated, but real names? Do you know what your real name means?... China, North Korea...
Is there a job called an M&A expert?^^This is my first job in the PF financial industry. Haha.
Neungseoju is trying to make you laugh, but if you look at Yoo Jae-suk's lie detector test, which is quite accurate, he must have had a hard time doing it. I feel like Yoo Jae-suk is accurate, but Kyeong-eun is more accurate. It's frustrating because he usually does it.
I thought it was volleyball player Jaeyoung
Seokcheon-hyung seems like a really nice guy, but from a child's perspective, I think he might be embarrassed and embarrassed for adopting Uncle Ge. If it were, I wouldn't have been able to go to school because I was embarrassed.
Even if a couple breaks up, they can't break their natural relationship.
Kim Tae-song, the founder of TS Entertainment, was originally killed for failing to succeed in business, so what's the point of continuing to argue while filing lawsuits against TS Entertainment?
There are a lot of people who sleep well, but there is no one with Song Ga-in's impact. Even so, she is better than the boss queen.
They say it's a business, but what is a business? Haha, the lawyer is Phil Kang Yong-seok.
Writer, please tie together Raedo Choi Jinhyuk♡Jangra Sunny♡Wangsik
My my my langhae
When it comes to acting skills, the only thing I can do is yell loudly all the time.
The guy called my husband is in a bad state... He has money. I hit him... he's a human from the art world... hahaha
Are you hiding your sexually harassing remarks behind Ae-eun’s overseas response, or are you a brat with nothing to lose? Try eating soybean rice and you'll come to your senses.
It had nothing to do with victory, but I was surprised ㅡ.ㅡ^^^
"Always the ATP coach," "I'm always responsible for losing matches."" On the other hand, President Moon Jae-in always says, ""I will take full responsibility."" Those who don't take responsibility from the beginning won't take responsibility in the middle. Watch and learn from the ATP coach."
It's hard to live with Jeolla-do, but it's hard to live with Gangji.
You're ugly, you're a beggar, you're a Shinbiju guy, you're old, you're all old, you're a martial artist, Noh Hong-cheol is extremely averse, your personality is ugly, you're ugly.
I have a big head
Did you make a fuss too?
The important thing is that the song is good, Girls' Generation.
They told me to smoke moderately, so I went...
I really enjoyed it~~I’m looking forward to the future. Fighting!
Baek Jong-won also had no original intention.
All you have to do is skip Jeolla-do while living in a hospital.
All you have to do is pray and follow your good words. I don't go to church just for the sake of it, but I'm human and I'm greedy for money. It's all the same. You shouldn't criticize your church.
Park Yoo-chun..... your forehead is very wide.... I can see that you will be wearing a wig soon.... You look so good.... You are a liar. You will get punished every time you open your mouth.
It's also possible to be homosexual. The fashion industry cannot function without homosexuality.
Jeongjun Gisagireo.
I didn't know Sunmi was an original member of Wonder Girls, but I thought she was a new member.
You are a great teacher. Kim Beom-ryong, who overcame difficult circumstances well, is also amazing. Kim Beom-ryong is a very good singer.
Let’s go in 2016 haha
I'm definitely going to see it every weekend.
Goo Hye-sun is active because she is confident, and Ahn Jae-hyun is quiet because he is good at it. It is irresponsible for him to stay quiet because he is worried that he will avoid drama by hiding behind his affiliation because he has a lot of scum.
I've seen it all and I don't know what it's about
Yang Dong-geun's musical skills and on-stage presence are the best.
Garbage rat, chicken year president, Yoon Seo-bin, come on?
I took legal action for no reason. If the truth is revealed, I won't be able to live together. It's good that my husband and I are shameless, but it's good to just sleep quietly. Don't exaggerate it for no reason.
It's pathetic to hear that you're getting married and that you're a good lover but you're of such a low standard that you leave hateful comments.
Even if you think about it a hundred times, there is no harm in it. Pretending to be pretty, pretending to be young, having a baby, eating, and living with your hands, the humidity, and always doing it.. what should I do?
I don't care, seriously
ㅆYeonmi is so good that it can't be compared to her performance. The beauty of a young actress.
Look at it for a long time, 3 years...
The old Kim Soo-hyun was at the level of an old-timer. Kim Joo, the younger half-brother, is 100 times better.. I feel sorry for Seoji and Kim Sae-ron, the popular actor who was recruited by a makjang agency..
Song Hye-kyo is pretty, but the comments seem too artificial, so the proportion of people in their 30s and 40s haha. As expected, many people see her as pretty.
Kim Hyun-joo and Son Jin are one of the few actors with the tender acting skills of Mida.
Even if you hate Nam Tae-hyun's genitals, you can't hate the national treasure vocal cords that moved the nation, right?
I'm really curious, is On Yu-ri the manager extramarital? Are you having an affair? She had an affair with her ex, and I watched the drama thinking she was being cheated on out of wedlock..
Plus I'm so sick of Yoo Jae-seok ㅡㅡ
After eating at the side dish store, did you think about the nearby shopping malls?
It’s nice and windy, so be careful with your crown teeth.
May the deceased rest in peace.
Think about being filial like Sunmi, don't just think about meeting someone in Korea.
Is it blood cancer among cancers?
It's unfortunate, but I think my lifestyle habits have become toxic. I hope you recover completely.
No drama. City Hall Nongnak Eungu.
I wonder what I eat at restaurants after studying abroad.
A skinny person is worse and more unhappy than a runny person. Even those who have fat to lose are also more fortunate, and in the first place, it is more difficult to gain weight. But just know that a skinny person is unlucky than a fat person.
Lovers are all gimmicks.
So what you're saying is that you did something miraculous without any sense of responsibility. Take care of your energy haha. When you needed it, you prepared for a comeback, but there was criticism so it may have gone away, but if the team itself was to be disbanded, it came back beautifully.
Features: The content is all patched up and only occasionally overused.
This is my first time seeing this in my life. I looked it up and there was no recent activity. Are you trying to spread the word?
It really makes you feel that the power of modern studies is great.
Dog ㅂㅅ For no reason is it okay for a girl of the same race to have bad teeth~~~~ Hi Suji’s bite~? lol
Layang, I’m rooting for Lee!
I just made a threat to Chairman Yoo Dong-geun haha. It's been a while since I made a character.
Please think of Seho too
You don’t feel any tension, do you? It feels like a rain forest kid's prank haha.
If he had stayed quiet like Song Joong-ki, there would have been no more damage from his linked activities than he does now.
Yes, but Yoo Jae-seok is a cast member, but most of the time he takes pictures of his lovers while the camera is rolling, and Yoo Jae-seok is always with Inheritance, but Yoo Jae-seok is fooling the cast..? Weird...
Son Dam-bi is a master craftsman-level cheat.
Jo Min-ki said that he was a victim, but there is no truth to it. The victim stood up and complained, and it was all full of gossip. I heard that he had an affair like that, but did I love him enough? A door full of words.
Too close
They say that the soul of someone who kills doesn't go to heaven but wanders around the world.
It's true that Hyori really has someone behind her. Haha, she was the best in neutrality~ Just to mention it, she was a Korean beef publicity group, but when she switched to vegetarian drinks, she was a big hit. Well, if you search for Hyori's neutrality, it's a mess.
Honestly, that's true. Donations are a trend, and there are organizations like Sung Yu-ri who donate regularly. Do you know Jimok Dangmyeon’s Instagram? Is this person doing this? It's Mooney haha ​​don't worry haha
Is there a law that says you can't wear a swimsuit if you have a cast on? Just say you’re jealous because you’re so proud.
I don’t want to hear Jeolla-do Turi
I think it would be good haha. It suits you well.
I won’t forget that I ran at super speed because I was thinking of Kang Daniel’s fans. Let’s go forward❤️
For some reason, it doesn't suit me very well, but Kim Soo-hyun's partner said that the drama was okay, and he recruited Kim Soo-hyun's movie. It's the same with Kim Soo-hyun's movie, and it doesn't help.
It's like a debut that happened like this.
If only there was a Christian God... It's a pity that Yoonga has a world view and values ​​that are as barbaric as those of the medieval era.
It's not as fun as boyfriend. It has a 7% rating and is good for weekend programming, but this guy shouldn't be caught by his boyfriend's hair, but the result is that he's a boyfriend.
It doesn't matter who did the drugs. Please look at the essence of the thing.
Pig bitch, why should I cook well, make me sore, gain weight, and whine? I'll just eat in moderation‼️‼️‼️‼️
I heard that Han Ji-min and Nam Joo-hyuk are also in the movie “Jo” and the drama “Here.” They looked so good together.
It's human nature to want to die quickly, even if you're a thieves or a thieves. It's human nature to hate sin, and people are the same.
YouTube's Vitality TV spread a video defaming teacher Shin Seong. If you get sued by a malicious commenter.
Everyone follows Sulli’s example. I won’t hide my breasts any longer, just expose them all like Sulli! I support Sulli!
Quixote? As if magic is evaluated as the worst quality of all time..
Drug addiction, plastic surgery addiction...
Turn off the fire, there are too many settings, rice cake and honey seal, cultivator, relative.
Sunmi studied well too, as expected from JYP? lol
Both of them, Seunghwan is a big player... I don't think there was any mention of Seunghwan.
The buzz is Min Kyung-hoon~~~!
You look a bit like me
disbanding criminal organizations
He also asked... So, if you start a relationship, you become addicted like a drug... I was hoping you wouldn't do it...
Just bully Sulli, you ugly ugly girl.
Wooden fishㅡㅡ It looks like Jo Hye-ryun. It looks like a name, but it does the same thing as the dog man Jo Hye-ryeon.
Types of Interest Anyway, SNS is making lovers sick.
The meaning is more childish than sick, haha, so it's hard to watch.
There are so many weird people.
Dog and Pig Special: The original company, Unicle, the original beer is fire! But Spider-Man and T-shirt are consumption haha.
An unrivaled character with a lot of talent and a character like no other in Korea until now, let’s talk about sister!!
My heart is so full~ He acted well and was a really pretty actor~~ Please rest in peace.
Kim Myung-min, a truly wonderful actor. I heard you bought the real thing...
Even if you get married, Park Han-byeol's job is to make a living with her lover, so isn't it too harsh to ask her not to do broadcasting as well? It's my life...
Looking at it, it looks like $1,000 was a lot.
God is dazzling to look at~~
It's all gone
What do you mean, criticize someone who works hard without harming you? It was nice to see that Hong Soo's passion for acting was felt. There was a certain conviction behind the smile. I cheer for you!!
As expected, I lost, so I lost 3 times.
He guides me through his work well, but he’s a rapper lol.
Is Ko Young-wook coming? char
No gunbly, not worth watching
Is Tony??? I don't think Lee Kookheon is there ㅠㅠ Fighting! I will always support you
Phil went to Jeolla-do and got into trouble...
Get off your feet
There are a lot of ignorant kids... Are murder and medical negligence the same? It's been 2 years since you left someone out... What's the point of being so ignorant and cute... Even if you're a citizen, you'll both have one vote...
I have a good body, but I'm worried about whether I'll be able to get pregnant if I get married because I've been dating a lot.
Together... Isn't it Shin Young-bok's handwriting?? Wow..... The long document is like a leftist or something. Also, like the first time, the font that communists like to use is also like that.
I think something happened with his ex, Jiwon. Are they already married? lol! I completely disliked it! How about going like a king and retiring? Rae, a relative of mine, is out of the question! lol! bye! I'm not interested anyway, but it's just a chore!
"Junyoung and Dasom have an affair and leave for an uninhabited island. One vote haha. They become lovers." They appear in "I Am Lovers."
As far as affiliation.... I support the two couples, but what if they break up?
It really is an enviable life in the world,, Baek Jong-won is really so rich,,,, I’m jealous of So Yoo-jin ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Jingu is Namjoo so you won't see it...
Malicious comment = Noanon frame that can't read
Chinese people are really great
But is it at the level of being placed at the level of King of Singers?
yg music is forever. Without K-pop and YG music, pop music will become big.
It may have been a mistake to go to the room, but then I shouldn't get married... I'm an old bachelor, so if I'm a NO bachelor and don't have a conscience, I shouldn't get married.
Just looking at the title makes me feel bored lol.
Playing ball is a civil servant thing haha. Kimchi man is so ugly, look at him using straws haha.
Kim Gap-soo and Kim Tae-ri don’t have a manse? If Kim Gap-soo becomes the only thing left, all I can think about is the young, pretty girl.
Really bad-looking stars like Bong Tae-gyu, Yoo Hae-jin, and Jeong Jong-cheol. Tae-gyu sucked his lips in Hanseul and Nonstop 4. Poor guy.
Even if I'm crazy, I'll call you my lover. Please appear on TV. They say you're more handsome than Jang Dong-gun.
Jeon Hyun-moo's performance at KBS Unseo, I'm really jealous of him, born in 1992 and in the midst of his retirement.
Why is there so much interest in long-term daunting?? It's hard to take care of your own life, so just focus on other people's lives.
Please hug Kyuhyun too~~♡♡
Jjongseok, a place of excitement
But Mr. Baek Jong-won's star is too much to re-star. These days, there are many cases of pretentiousness rather than taste. The macaron shop that is a craftsman's work is also very good. It is a world where you can get enough just by sprinkling..
Jiyeon's singer career is a frame. If you look at the force used by Hon Sol, the force used by Dolang these days is different.
It was always so much fun haha ​​Hong Jinyoung’s cuteness was great.
But I'm curious. If you marry each other, will you become your father-in-law? What if you meet Gilseo? I'm very curious. Now that our relationship has changed, I wonder what they will call me and how I will treat them.
To be honest, even though I received care at the hospital, they say they work hard to manage the organ, so is it jealous for no reason? narrow-minded
Drama: Cinderella Man - Ranvi - Prime Minister - The Ketu - Wang Neung: Patteu 2 Sound Source: Legend Yoon, who collapsed in a duet with 10cm
If you don't think about the variety of ways to hit, just rely on comfort and don't make an effort to improve your motor memory, you will get caught. In particular, people who are stubborn and only think of one way and insist that it is right will get caught.
Are you really miscasting? Haha.
Just blood tomato sauce? Haha, I thought about it.
Dongwoo ㄹㅇ It’s too loud.
There must have been sun...
Ki looks like Seolhyun haha
The fact is that Ku Hye-sun is famous for her false statements, and the situation is incoherent right now haha. I have a habit of lying, such as saying that my left brain is twice as big and that I have experience in oil painting. Let’s search for Goo Hye-sun’s false statements.
Did you go to the military?
Are you Kim Yun? He seems to sing well
Are you a cigarette smoker?
Lose this soccer game
They must be over 10 years apart, but they are married? I'm not sure about the content...
It's a bunch of broadcasting, but Go Joo-won has character. City Hall is an idiot. I don't want to see you like that. Go Joo-won ㄲ ㅓㅈ ㅕ
Looks sexy
Simon D seems to be breaking up with Ready and unraveling.
Yoo Jae-seok's characteristic guest only, dancing, fun fun
Suddenly you think of a mummy, right?
♥Giseo Yoon Chong-kyung and Seungri all went to Dong-dong, Jeolla-do and drank, and continued to watch the golf high school and other bars operated by Seungri, including the suspension of business. Even if you are not born and are to be separated ♥
Tsk tt tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk for personal information.. Thats why you posted it on social media at such an sensitive time!
I can't do it ~ I don't know what to do... Before you sue, find out for yourself what you want!!!
car
cabbage banging
It's cheap and the crew is good.
When I look at Dosulli, I am reminded of the secretary of Imcheong, who was married to a heavenly woman. The visuals have a somewhat sad and dreamy feel..
Is it great to see the news that a lover's date was successful and that she is pregnant? Even if it returns to its original state in a few months, it is still good.
The viewership ratings are terrible~!
Is it a published love story that Danyeo Girl writes? Can’t you live in a society without others???
Just stand still and finish quietly.
Jung Jun-ho is a cool actor!
Honestly, you idiot?
Hahaha, you watched TV talking about being sick without even getting married? If they broke up without getting married, it would be a great comedy haha.
This is my first time seeing Changseop. Is it a crab stone?
I'm in my 20s. Try dating a lot.
Hee! I got away with being a noble bitch.
Doesn't stick at all
At the end of the day, Jinyoung is 10,000,000 times closer. That guy is doing something.
Wow, you are pretty.
Even though I want to give affection to Yeongseok Dan, he doesn't give affection to me.
Don't learn to drink exclusively, trust me.
I wanted to see Dal-soo's drama return, but Run...
Namgoong Min is a great actor, but his physicality is very easy.
If you get the cheapest price, you won't be able to get around to many good people.
A talented actor...
It's up to the governor to decide whether he's guilty or not... I think it's past time to wait and judge the person you're working with. I will punish all the tax evasion, drug, and sexual crimes linked to Korea.
It seems like he has a lot of heart~~ Hong Jin-young is a good guy with class and leadership, and Kim Jong-guk also seems to have a lot of charm.
It's getting less fun so I won't watch Zen.
My brother, Ra, was afraid of the Russian invasion, so he sent word to 625 to join the Toga.. Only the ethnic minorities who were oppressed in Turkey... wore a Toga and left the army... and the Turkish army was the unit that committed the most rapes in the country.
Let the past pass by. I will dig into your heart and even your great-grandfather’s face.
Han Hye-jin is faithful~
I wish I could marry an American resource like Seo Soo-yeon...
ㅠㅠ It’s the same as growing up watching Park Seong-woo’s dubbed movies. Your voice will soar. Please take care and pray for the soul of the deceased.
Honestly, it's right to expose all the breasts, look at all the buttocks, and look at the excessive exposure and cheapness. But it's just meh haha
It's so scary.ㅠㅠ I can't help but think about what was wrong with the hacking... No matter what goes wrong, it's just one mistake...
Who lied and said they took cherry blossoms lol?
The comment is so funny. I’m scared to see it overseas haha.
Did Shownu do well? Innocent...
Left Red Dog ㅆ ㄹ ㄱ Drama A sad drama that glorifies the North Korean military
If you were a victim of school bullying and were treated very aggressively, you wouldn't normally be able to express yourself like that, but it seems like you're annoyed to see that things turned out well for you. I'm sure people who suffered similar bullying will do the same, and their lovers will be nervous.
Is this a long shot???
Even if the purpose is good, I don't look favorably on a performance that causes trouble to others. Even if I'm pointed out wisely like Park Bo-gum, I'll finish the scene.
Really... really... I'm a grumpy idiot.. I'm real...
“The academic consensus is that Tony Stark was always jealous of the catchphrase “M-Root”.”
Obesity is shameful. It means you can't manage your organs. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Even if it's a bunch of Chinese people, Gae Doo-hwan is...
The couple is so great~~~
The group was created in a hurry to be hot.. The members were good, and the teamwork was also good.
It's a power crime. Bangung sent money to North Korea... I heard the first lady suffered quite a bit, but it's an old thing between them. It's a tea room, but they say it's spread by thieves... I tried it.
Do you want to relive your memories until you are in your 40s? I did Run Pro early in my early 30s. It’s ugly to dance without eating. ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
As time goes by, I only listen to you, but my recruiting power has diminished? If you're going to do that, have Park Geun-hye and Myung-bak appear and tell them to become singers.
Nam Tae-hyun went crazy. I didn't even know how to close the comment window, so I left it all open and did a half-human cosplay. Ugh. I'm so sick of it.
Fashion Raeㅠ Doesn’t your husband give you pocket money?
What do you want me to do? Just dump me. The two of you are smart, but Woo-chan and I broke up, so you're the one who treated me like this.
Be humble
Aren't you avoiding the mountains? It's like someone sent you here to give a fuck???
Park Bo-gum + Song Joong-ki is Jung Hae-in?? A real statue ㅜㅜ
The voice is sour... The eyes are narrowed and the eyes are... Young...
Are you saying you're confused by nature? Think carefully. The pain comes down. Is it true that a married couple is sitting at a wedding?
Only Ryu Jun-yeol....
Do you have a crush on a male child? My health doesn't look good.
I think my eldest child will be young. I made a plan and worked hard on Mom's plan, but the birth of a younger sibling is difficult. I support Jeongwoo's mom for her continued efforts.
It's like dressing up with clothes and accessories... I'm wearing plain clothes, but it looks tacky...
A typical man with a good body is a good face (=plastic surgery monster)
Maybe I got pushed around because I was standing there with all sorts of things...
From Spica to Nam and others, I pushed Suzy in the early stages, and as there is a chronic waiting condition, it is not too late, so make sure to walk the flower path from now on....
The story is very similar to the original. You could just keep the synopsis and change the episodes.
I've never seen it before... Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is the only one running around in the middle of nowhere.
You two suit each other
In foreign countries, flight attendants are avoided because they are bad and a 3D job, but in Korea, flight attendants are stigmatized as a great job.
Honestly, Clara’s visuals are top class in Korea.
Isn’t there a place for top surgery? They say Korea has the best cosmetic surgery in the world?
I think Simon D is more fun.
I had so much fun. The excitement in Song Joong-ki's eyes~~~I thought it was a foreign movie when I saw him riding a horse~~~Jang Dong-gun's middle-aged and middle-aged high school atmosphere made me want to come back~ The Korean Wave has grown so much that I can watch run-quality dramas~
The technological development is truly amazing.
I support Jaehyun Jo!!
Seojin Manra
Lovers who don't look like lovers hang out together and play like lovers... I'm interested~
Characteristics of a harmonious family: I have a good wife.
I wish it was Jung Eunchae
Hyun Bin's wife Son Jin....
Cha Tae-hyun, Song Joong-ki, Park Bo-gum, the heart-warming Blossom, an unknown sexual assault criminal.
The public may have wanted Run Jin on their personal Instagram too, but in reality, it wasn't like that!
Look at the real thing. There are a lot of good filter apps these days.
Zico is... haha
Are you going to mate? poor quality
Clara’s family and qualifications? Better than Seoul National University. Graduated from a Swiss university, 32 ranks higher, speaks 6 languages, tops the European charts for 15 weeks, member Cory's daughter, whose wealth is estimated at 100 billion won. End of business in Switzerland, Europe
I don't know if this is a serious crime that is so controversial, but he just revealed his personality.. Did he say something out of character once or twice?
Of course it's right. I can't help but think that the fact that he embarrassed the entire nation by publicly disclosing his followers... Jang Seong-gyu is a married man, right? What is it with you that you deliberately tried to criticize me?
I don't think it's going to happen anytime soon...
Wow haha
Should Changseok go to a place like this and have a relationship? It seems like there are a lot of nice people around him like Changseok... I'm angry!!
The way she speaks has changed, and she used to be a pretty person, but she has become fat and injured.
The response is that it's always fun and funny...lol.
“It’s frilly” “It’s a crime to be cute” Gura ““Life imprisonment”””
Why don’t you try your best and survive? Get married and raise children
Jen I don’t want to see you. please.
The true comeback is Sech K-Z
Although I always loved the housewife Lat Seung-gi ^^
Congratulations on the dedication ceremony
Kim Ji-cheol's position in the world of drama and music is much higher than Shin So-yul's position in the movie, and Ji-cheol also seems to be doing well in the movie.
